I got this laptop from an IT school.  Considering it was part of the tuition and it is supposed to be used FREQUENTLY in class especially for VMs (virtual machines) ie, Server 2003 and Server 2008.  I am very disappointed with their (the school) choice of laptop.  I eventually upgraded the 4 gb of RAM to 8GB max (cost $50).  I had also went ahead and upgraded the stock 5400rpm, 320 GB SATA HD with a crucial 512GB SSD (cost $300).  I transfered the whole OS/Drive onto the new SSD via a USB/SATA cable, worked like a charm.  Now, instead of waiting literally 5 minutes for Windows 7 to load.  The OS is up and running in 30 seconds.  For me the cost of $350 was ok, even though I had already kinda' paid for it in my tuition.  I use it as a 'test' laptop.  I will most likely try to find ways to upgrade/change the FAN and CPU (maybe to an i7).So, I would value this laptop at $400 max.  There are others out there that can be upgraded piece by piece and still be under the asking price of $600.hope this helps.

I ordered this as an extra cord for my Asus X202.  Delivery was prompt however the first one that was sent to me didn't fit right in my computer.  It kept sliding out and would not recharge my computer.The seller had included a contact email and asked before we do a review on Amazon to contact them first.  Everyone deserves a chance so I sent an email and the seller did respond.  He was very apologetic and sent out a replacement cord.  This one did fit but before I wrote a review I wanted to make sure that it worked for a while.Unfortunately I have used it for 2.5 weeks and this morning the tip snapped.  This is not a good product and I have ordered another type on Amazon.

Last month the origin ac adaptor of my asus Q200E was dead, so I bought this item for a replacement. What make me amazing is this new one was used for only one month and died again.

This cord worked for about 2 weeks and then the tip snapped. Do not buy this cord. It will be a complete waste of your money.

dont waste ur time or money, lasted a week then cord broke, was small and cool while it lasted, shop on

So I'd only had this for about a week before I unplugged it from my laptop and the head broke off.  I'd only plugged and unplugged it twice before that, so I guess third time is a charm.

I bought this at staples for about $400 end of Jan., spent 130 bucks for MS office, another 100 for the data transfer from my beloved but broken lenovo(my own fault, got dropped during airport transit).And suddenly (early June) this Asus 200E stopped charging, drained out of battery. Too bad I cannot just replace the battery as it is molded in as opposed to some thing you can pop it out. I treated this machine like a baby with utmost care, always kept in heavy padded case n every thing, no gaming, gentle use for just email n skype. Now I am stuck- did not want pay another 70 bucks for staples tech to just diagnose.Sending back to CA for manufacturer, paying for the shipping from out of pocket keeping my fingers crossed.If they replace this with the newer one, I will have buy again new MS office and for data transfer? What are my consumer rights?Besides, this is not even a comfortably machine lousy mouse pad and awful keyboard- It has carpal tunnel syndrome written all over itThe moral for me? is to go for one that is from reputed maker and BACK IT UP all the time- cloud based and on external hard drives

I can't even return this thing because it's past 30 days from the purchase date. Horrible buy, and I paid nearly $500 for this, when I could have bought a Chromebook for about half that price. The problem? It is SO incredibly insensitive to touch (it's got a touch screen in case you didn't know), and even clicking on things can take FOREVER for it to register. I don't like this one bit. I want to sell it, but feel bad about putting someone else through this crap. Don't buy this, buy a Chromebook. The only reason I didn't buy a Chromebook was because it doesn't have a caps lock button (it's got a search button where a caps lock key usually is).

This computer is ridiculously hard to use. About once a month a notification pops up that some crucial update needs to install and gives you 15 minutes before it restarts and updates itself which takes anywhere from 15 minutes to four hours. If you need to do something important on the computer you can't, it just shuts down in the middle of whatever you are doing.It comes with a DVD player attachment, spoiler alert: it doesn't work.Windows 8 in itself is super confusing but the mechanics of this computer make it that much worse.

nothing works.Cannot use the DVD reader have had to re-install multiple times.hard to navigate anythingwaste of money will be happy to sell on Amazon barely used computer

I ordered this laptop because of its legacy hardware ( serial ports, LPT ports, USB ports, and above all else, Windows xp pro)- the purchase / checkout offered 2nd day delivery, yet took over 1 week to arrive- After arriving, inspecting the laptop, it was carefully wrapped, no visible damage was present.After putting everything together, plugging in the power cord, i get an error message that no hard drive is present, i go into the bios, and to my amazement, its still locked with a password, that no one knows-i pulled the Hard drive module out, and inspect everything, i find that the mini IDE header is missing a pin- , i emailed the seller this issue, he sends out another hard drive- a week goes by, and it finally arrives, i opened the package, and notice, it does not have the replacement header that i need to make the hard drive work.Frustrated, i get back on amazon, and search for this header adaptor, lo and behold, for 1.72 each, i buy 5 just to have them around in case i decide to buy another hard drive from these sellers that do not check everything fully.If i had been an everyday normal  'joe-the-consumer', this would have been a disasterous exchange. i gave a low rating because, when you sell something, regardless what it looks like, it should be functional before you ship, (tested, and tried)

non-working system....seller had his personal info/account info stored........not able to WiFi/connected to the internet.... very slow startup and operating system failure.......  also was shipped inappropriately (not packed correctly and was disgustedly filthy and dirty)

cant get on line with it and you cant the anyone to help you....they tell you it is a sold as is after you get it

Came with a copy of MSFT Windows 95 on a CD that has no product code, hence unusable as a backup.Otherwise the bulky and heavy machine works.[...]

I've had my HP G60-440US laptop for four months now.  During those four months, the laptop's been out of order (non-functioning) three different times for an aggregate period of about five weeks. During the first month, the hard drive crashed, and I couldn't turn the computer on.  Then the little chippie-thing that allows the computer to connect to my wireless modem broke down.  Most recently, the dvd player died while, at the same time, the new wireless card went kaputt.  Consequently, I've had to send my laptop away to the service department twice, and have had to reinstall some chip or other part so that the computer could pick up a wireless signal.  The computer has been a complete lemon.  My friends warned me about purchasing an HP product, and I didn't listen.One of the worst parts about my HP experience has been the attitude of the customer service people. The technical guys in India were nice enough, but they kept me on the line for more than an hour before they agreed that I wasn't lying about my hard drive having crashed.  My experience with the managers in the U.S. was much worse.  My conversation with customer service - notwithstanding all the scripted "I'm sorry to hear that, sirs" left me feeling absolutely powerless and with the feeling that, now that HP had my $500, they cared not a bit about my needs or satisfaction.So, be warned - this is not a good product.  I wish I had listened to my friends and spent a little more cash for a better product instead of this toy laptop.

While the specs are superior, this computer has a host of problems. So far I've had to replace the charger twice, the battery once, the fan once, and the wires to the screen tightened. It was not from misuse, but simply because HP doesn't pride itself on external durability.

I bought one three years ago at a chain store. It worked well for about a year. if you want a computer that crashes all the time, freezes- in Opera, Chrome, IE or Firefox- this is the brand for you. It can take upwards of ten minutes from the time I turn it on until the browser loads. IE disappeared one day - about 6-9 months after buying the laptop. Error messages pop up when I try to load it. A product of crappy laptops. When I replace this piece of junk it will not be with an HP brand, that's for sure.

My G60 440US ran great right out of the box. After about 10 months I started getting warning messages that my battery was failing. Got a new battery, everything was fine and then one morning shortly thereafter, nothing. Before you buy this machine research online the problems others have had with it. The most common complaint by far is that it won't boot up. It indicates power but you get nothing but a black screen and HP is no help other than suggesting some lame recommendations that involve removing the battery and unplugging the AC adapter, and starting over. A joke. I've bought only HP computers for more than 20 years but this particular laptop has been a complete dud and HP, from all appearances of those who've had similar problems, has nothing to resolve the issue. I wholeheartedly DO NOT recommend this machine.

I bought this to replace my dell home laptop that I had for 4 years. I've had this computer for 18 months now. It worked great for the first few months but as the clock struck 12 months and the warranty expired, I've had hardware failures right and left.-->1st  A/C adapter (transformer part) totally died for no reason,  (This actually happened within 6 months of purchase)-->2ne  battery release button broke off,-->3rd  d/c jack shorted out (that's inside your laptop where you plug your power cord into your laptop),-->4th  and the D/C Jack started to effect the mother board.So, if you want a cheap laptop that's nice for 12 months - this is fine.  But after that, watch out, the poor components don't last at all.If you want a workhorse, I'd suggest another manufacturer. Think I'll be switching back to a Dell or possibly trying a Mac Book Pro. I can't stand adding to the landfill will the hp.  This was our first HP and I won't be wasting my money a second time.(oh and I had to write this review from my Dell worklaptop because my HP won't start. This Dell is 6 years old and going strong.)

I like to think the computer industry has become more like the car industry. You spend more money, have less problems and more features, you go with the cheap car and everything falls apart and you end up paying the same in repairs. Well this is one of those computers that, when the newness wears off, it just ends of being a pile of badly constructed, overheating, and problem stricken piece of crap. It is impossible to repair this computer yourself as you literally have to tear the computer apart to get to things like the fan, which broke after 1 year. The performance is staggering due to effects-heavy windows 7 and always running anti-virus. My advice, just go for a mac, you really do have less problems, and it is worth it.

After using this HP laptop G60 for a year or so, the fan makes this loud noise, its louder then the fridges we have here.  I have a lenovo that is has been on for 3 years straight and its so quite you cant even tell its on when its running at full capacity and these laptops cost the same.Buyers be aware! HPs are terrible laptops, Im a laptop enthusiast and love laptops, I own several from alienware to the lenovo i mentioned above.  Save your money and buy from a reputable notebook seller like Lenovo.

After doing some research, I purchased this computer based on techs and price.  My last laptop was a Dell.  I thought I had made a good decision only to have a key pop off within 2 months.  To get this fixed, I would have to send the computer back to HP and it was not worth the inconvenience of not having my computer to have it repaired.  My computer is now over a year old and out of warranty.  I just found out that my battery failed and will cost $122 to replace.  The battery has a very short life as it is not an Li-ion battery.  Overall, I wish I had spent a few more $$ to get a higher quality product.

I just bought my Notebook this past October 2009. I like the note book and think it is great for what I need it for.HOWEVER!!!! In my package along with many other inserts came an insert for LightScribe (Disc Labeling) On this Insert indorsed by HP it says unbder bullet point"*Burn a custom, silkscreen-quality monochrome label directly onto the face of the disc using the Roxio Creator software alreadyinstalled on all LightScribed-enabled HP PC's."I have spent HOURS with HP's outsourced customer service representatives and also with Case Managers. This inser is very clear that the Roxio creator software was installed onto all LightScribed-enabled HP PC's. I have gone back to Staples and checked ALL of thier instore PC's and they do not have the Roxio Program as well.talking and with the HP Representatives they have basically said they do not use this software anymore and have not for several years. Well, NOT ACCORDING TO THIS INSERT! When talking to HP they basically said have you read the specs. I let her know that I did but this was basically false advertising and she stated "If that is what you want to call it."WOW, this could have been solved very easily a LONG time ago but since the OVERWHELMINGLY HORRIBLE SERVICE I am going to see this one out.Thanks I hope this helps you and contact me with information if you have the same issues.Pdaniel99

I have had nothing but problems getting service for my HP. I get different answers from different people who can't understand me.If you run into a problem, they stink at trying to help. The extra money for a different company is sure to be worth the sloppy job they do on their computers. A mother board they replaced has a problem six months later and they want me to pay them to diagnose the problem that I already have identified. They want me to buy a new motherboard because its "out of warranty."  ?? Too much money to not stand by your product.

HP does not honor their warranty.  After six months the screen failed and showed many lines and some black areas.  This was just for normal operation of opening and closing the screen led.  No force or pressure applied on the screen or lid to open and close.  It is simply a poor quality design for expected operation.  HP blames it on the customer and does not honor their product quality and reliability.  After paying for replacement part plus labor, it will still be the same poor quality component.  Failure as the result of poor design for durability is blamed as damaged by consumer (operator).  I recommend Dell or Toshiba for much sturdier and well built design.  Would you accept this on your car warranty if the door wouldn't function and breaks after six months of normal use without any accident?  HP expects the consumer pays for their poor development.  Customer services were poor and at time insulting.  I hope you don't have to deal with them.  Would you take this risk for your new purchase?

This laptop was great ...at first.....white spot on screen after 4 months of use.  Also imprint of keys is permenantly on screen.  After having this laptop 4 months I was ready to replace it (I replace my laptop once a year) Now having the screen/keyboard issues only progress I will be having to purchase a new laptop earlier than anticipated.  I will not be buying another Samsung.  It is still under warranty but I cant afford to be without a computer while it gets shipped off, fixed, and sent back to me.  I bought this laptop to use for work, not as a backup computer.

i bought this laptop new a year ago....had to be serviced twice in the first 6 months....at least it had a 6 month warranty!!! yikes!!!vista locks up and restarts about once a week ... compaq customer service are real a- holes to work with!!! refused to ship me a new one or refurbed exchange....key board broke the first month ...three keys popped off....heats up like a microwave on your lap!!!!! jeez ...stay away from these ...do yourself a favor and look at the msi windbook u100.... i did... boy iam happy now!!!!dont even think about it!!!!!

They outsource their customer service to India.The computer started to have issues with the cooling system while under warranty. I called and was told they would help me back up some expensive software I had on the computer. They never said they would charge me for help backing up the computer before sending it in. Luckily, I asked if there would be a charge and they finally admitted there would be.  I was then told I would be charged $25  to send in the computer even though the cooling system is a known hardware issue with their computers. I called and was told by customer service that shipping was free - on the return trip back. I had to pay the $25 and there was nothing they would do. Their customer service was not only useless, but also was consistently misleading.Next time I will buy from a company that stands behind its products - like HP or Dell.

6 month after purchase, the left hinge of the screen broke.  The metal snapped into two pieces because the hinge handle has a hole drilled though it, and it cracked right next to the hole.This was during normal use, it broke as the laptop was being opened.I contacted Toshiba, but they say it is not covered because it's physical damage.  I'm highly disappointed in Toshiba's service.  This should be covered by the warranty, even when I read the warranty details, it states it should be covered, but they will not.The hinge should have been better designed in the first place, seems a lot of people have issues with Toshiba satellite hinges breaking.

The computer would not boot up!  Also an "Inspected by Best Buy" sticker was on the laptop.  Who knows why?

I tried a lot to use this machine, in spite of the touchpad locking up (after a few minutes of use sometimes, sometimes maybe an hour) always. Applied every driver update Vizio's support staff asked me to, following the precise order of the steps they wanted. Never fixed the problem. Sent it back for repair, it came back and locked up within the hour. Once it locks up, even rebooting doesn't help, and it stays locked even when booting another OS (Linux) on the same machine, so it isn't clear to me how this is a driver problem to begin with. Eventually they sent me a refurbished machine to replace the one I had. It locks up too, on a different schedule. Most lock-ups seem to last for some time (sometimes a few minutes, sometimes more) and then it moves again, so maybe these can be described as freezes. Regardless, the touchpad is a complete waste of time. The feel of the touchpad  is vague, compared to a Thinkpad touchpad, and of course, the Thinkpad never locks up. I also use a Samsung Series 9 touchpad sometimes, it is vague compared to the Thinkpad, but better then the Vizio, and it never locks up. In short, the Sentelic touchpad in the Vizio CT15 is complete junk. This ruins the entire ball of wax, making the machine unusable without an external pointing device.Two stars because of the gorgeous case design and screen, fast hard drive and processor.

Poorly constructed keyboard and touchpad.Then, on top of that, from the beginning it froze 3-4 times a week. Now, 9 months later (I bought the computer in Oct. 2012, it is now Aug. 2013) the fan has broken and there are motherboard issues.Turns out the reseller was not authorized and had not even bought the machine from Vizio, but had bought it from Microsoft. This has voided the warranty. In fact, there isn't even a serial # anywhere on the machine, so somebody clearly removed it. Have no idea if the serial # that was on the box even matches the machine I bought.Vizio refuses to help and ManjaTech, the reseller, refuses to help. So now I'm out over $1000 because the IT tech who I use for minor issues has told me it's not worth trying to fix - that I can buy a new computer for less (and he doesn't sell computers so he's not getting anything out of telling me to buy a new machine).I am utterly infuriated. Save yourself money and hassle and don't go near either ManjaTech or Vizio.

I decided to give the vizio ultra laptop a try given its reviews on amazon and looks on the vizio website.The goods:- The screen HD resolution is great but that is about the best thing associated with this laptop.- It looks sleek (you will get a lot of compliments)- it is very light and easy to carry around- battery life is satisfactory.The bads:-The keyboard keeps "malfunctioning"...when you hit a key it sometimes does not produce a character and the cursor goes onto a different line.- it does not come with enough USB slots- you have to connect to a monitor using an HD cable and the resolution is terrible and distorted (based on my experience)- No CD slot (I knew that but I thought the functionality of other feature will at least nullify that deficiency)- cannot get a spare battery charger online and the company does not seem to carry it.- The keyboard is feeble and almost sometimes feels like some are out of place.for the price it is not worth it...get something else. I had loaded a few software and did not want to go through the process of removing the software and returning it. I will NEVER by a vizio laptop again, maybe a TV but not a laptop.

The mouse will make your life miserable. I will do everything I can to return this junk. Also out of the blue it shuts down. I regret every moment of spending money on this laptop. Get something heavier and uglier. At least it will work.

I purchased this computer after buying and returning a MacBook Pro - just couldn't wrap my mind around OS X after 20 years of windows.  Old habits die hard!  This is a fantastic computer - excellent display, trackpad technology getting closer to Apple, excellent construction, and overall excellent performance.  The only problem, and it is major in my opinion, is that the WiFi speed drops to near zero when more than 10 to 20 feet from a router.  The WiFi problem has been extremely well documented on the discussion threads at Notebook Review online.  There is even a Dell representative answering questions and disseminating the latest updates.  As of today, 1 August, Dell does not know if the problem is software (drivers) or hardware related.  Driver updates and swapping the WiFi card to another brand have not yielded success, so signs are pointing to a hardware problem, but nothing has been confirmed by Dell.Bottom line - if WiFi capability at a distance of more than 10 feet from the router is required, purchase with extreme caution until Dell can ensure the issue is fixed.  If Dell cannot offer a fix soon, I will return mine while I still can.

Where to start?  From day 1, the machine had some glitch where 7 out of 8 GB's of memory were being consumed for no reason.  I spent at least 30 hours with Dell Pro Support trying to get it fixed, when eventually the tech told me, "this is just a waste of time, we need to get you a new machine."  (Pro Support is generally pretty good, btw, I have no complaints with them.)  That machine's display also had lines across the bottom disrupting the picture, and the fan was replaced because it was overheating.  And it had the annoying trackpad issues that a lot of other purchasers seemed to encounter (Google it).  There was another reason they sent a guy out to replace a part, but I don't remember what it was.  I figured it was just a cursed machine and was happy they agreed to replace it.Then replacement machine had the same trackpad issues and now has a failing wireless antenna.  At least that's what the tech told me is happening, and that there's nothing he can do.  Their engineers are "working to solve it" but it's supposedly a known issue and beyond the scope of what Pro Support can rectify.  So in the meantime my case has been kicked up to the NSA of Dell's Customer Support team and in a few days I am supposed to find out whether they will send me a free external wireless card, replace the machine, tell me to go to hell, or who knows what.  The tech can't even contact this top secret division- a special requisition must be made by his manager and then the Star Chamber (the REC is the name, I think) will determine my fate when they can get to it.  I just have to wait for a phone call.Again, I don't have a problem with Dell's tech support team, and over the years I've bought more than 25 different Dell desktop, laptop and server models.  So I like the company.  But my personal experience, validated by various issues you can find by looking around the web, is that this model is a piece of crap.  Save yourself the headache.

I was originally very pleased.  I noticed the wifi was slower than other devices I have but not terrible.  However I couldn't save anything to one of the drives (it comes with s SSD and a traditional drive, the traditional drive wouldn't allow anything to be saved to it), Dell had me reinstall the OS. Since then while booting up I started getting a message that said one of the disk needed to be checked for consistency, it'd count down to 7 then skip the check.  Dell told me this was nothing to worry about.  Then one day (10 months after purchase) when I tried to shut it down I got the blue screen of death, and the fan became extremely loud.  Now it won't start up.  It doesn't matter if I try to start it in safe mode or regularly, it just goes back to the start up screen and asks if I want to launch startup repair or start windows normally.Update: After spending 1.5 hours on the phone with Dell one day, then over 2 hours today I have decided to never buy Dell again.  Neither one of the tech support people had any clue what was wrong and did not offer any more support than the onscreen instructions.  Well I can read for myself. When the reinstall popped up an unspecified error message they had no clue what to do. I'm now waiting on more restore disc although he couldn't explain how these were any different than the thumb drive, just that I should try them.  I asked about sending the lap top back to get a new one, or just a refund and they said no the lap top is fine.  Really? Because not being able to start up the lap top or reinstall windows is a pretty big problem in my book.

Where to begin? This is the second Dell laptop I've purchased through Amazon in the last 4 months, both worked for about an hour and then completely fried; the first had a faulty video card, this one didn't have the OS installed correctly. While trying to fix it with Dell's oh so wonderful help (sarcasm) the computer has gone from getting jammed at the Dell logo (which is apparently a HUGE problem according to the tech) to now being stuck in an infinite reset loop. The tech said I must have done something incorrectly which is just rude. Piece of garbage is being returned.TL DR;Dell doesn't know how to make computers and their tech team isn't interested in addressing issues that EVERYONE seems to be having.

I bought this laptop from MicroCenter when it was on sale for $450. For an i5 laptop with 4GB of RAM and a 500GB Hard Drive, this seemed like a steal. Now I'm pretty sure I'm the one who was robbed.Less than two months after purchasing this laptop, the top-left part of the keyboard stopped working. I called Lenovo Support which is horrendous (at least when it comes to consumer-grade IDEA products). They said I'd have to send in my laptop with 7 business day turnaround AND pay for shipping (I'd add an exclamation point but I currently can't)I begged them for a CRU (customer replaceable part) because I worked in IT for 5 years and have plenty of experience replacing laptop keyboards, but they wouldn't budge.I really can't afford to be without my laptop for 7 days since I'm a web designer and rely on this to pay my bills. I'm hoping I can just buy a replacement keyboard on eBay or Amazon, but so far, I'm out of luck.Let's put this in perspective...Before this laptop, I had a Toshiba laptop that lasted me 5 years. Now this laptop has lasted me less than two months. In 5 years of IT experience, I have never heard of a laptop that has a dead keyboard after a month and a half of use.If the keyboard dies in less than two months, I can only imagine how long the video card, display, and motherboard are going to last.Don't waste your money on this laptop. I likely will never buy another Lenovo product.

I have the touch version of this laptop.  Well, I own it but I don't actually have it because I sent it to Lenovo about 2 weeks ago for repairs.  First problem, it is built very cheaply.  The two parts on the bottom keep clicking apart when I pick it up to put it on a table or my lap.  I didn't notice that it had clicked apart and tried plugging in the charger but the charger end pushed the port into the computer because the side was clicked apart.  It had clicked apart probably half a dozen times before this and the ports inside would get twisted but I'd always been able to get it clicked together again.  Second problem, the keys and mouse pad are all very flat (not raised like previous computers I've had)  So, I have to  keep looking which of the two mouse buttons my hand is on because I can't feel where I am without looking.  A third problem I had may be more a Windows 8 problem or a problem with having a touch screen than a problem with this actual piece of equipment.  The cursor wanders off when I'm typing so that it will randomly delete sections of what I've typed.  Part of the issue is that there are some new keys on the keyboard that weren't on previous keyboards and if your hand accidentally bumps one of them the computer may close a window or switch to the desktop when you didn't mean to.  I was relying on this computer for work so I have had to manage sharing my husband's work computer while they figure out what they are doing.  The customer service from Lenovo has been a bad experience for me too.  I told them exactly what was wrong when I first called about the problem.  They said to send it in to them but I had to pay the shipping to get it there.  Then after about two weeks, I get an email that the issue isn't covered under warranty and I need to send $187 to have it fixed.  I told them exactly what was wrong when I called in.  It feels a lot like a scam for them to not tell me at that point that it is not covered but then demand money when they have my computer hostage.  I could have had it fixed locally and gotten it back in a few days.  Thankfully, I purchased extra warranty protection through Square Trade and they have told me they will pay the shipping and repair fees Lenovo is charging.  But, I will still be without my computer for 3 to 4 weeks.  I will never buy anything from Lenovo again.

Had to return due to ethernet quitting after 2 days and unable to fix.  Lenovo support said this is a common problem. Also trackball pad was slow and sometimes unresponsive not sure if it was computer or windows  8 problem

Would have been great if it arrived before Christmas,as promised. Had nothing to give my son and he had to leave to go back home with no present. Very disappointed with Amazon Prime. Now have to pay to ship this laptop to my son. I thought the whole idea behind Amazon Prime was free 2 day shipping. What can you do for me?

I hate that this is a gift, and you keep sending emails about it.  How can it be a surprise????????????????????????????????

Just look at the picture, square hard edges, drab black machine with terrible speakers & the worst key pad thats so squirrely (cursor jumps around) & super uncomfortable. Components are cheap as the chinese can throw into this boring machine, again just look at the picture, theres no reason to buy this.

It was advertised as having Windows XP, which was specifically why I was purchasing it. It came with Windows 7.The packaging had no return information nor invoice so I am stuck with it.

The mail tracking for this laptop went seriously wrong.  The seller emailed me to wait and it would sort itself out,When the thing finally arrived, it was filthy inside and outside.  A large sticky smear graced the lid.  Under every key there were long black hairs mashed together with dust and other unidentifiable debris.  The screen was almost opaque from the stuff on it.The T60 is known for being easily user serviceable.  It should have been trivial to reassemble this laptop into its original condition. When it arrived, the palmrest was loose all along its edges;  it had not even been refastened down correctly.Many of the keys had no face on them. This version of the T60 does not have easily replaceable keys and it shouldn't have needed to be done, anyway.  Anyone who is not a touch typist, even though most programmers are, could not easily use the keyboard.The laptop's memory was an unadvertised 512 megabytes.  This is gastropodial by today's standards. Added to this, the laptop would not even boot when the second gigabyte from my failed T60 was added - it would only take  one gigabyte card and one 515 megabyte card.The battery would not hold a minute's worth of charge.  When combined with the fact that the advertised power shortage was no power cord, this would have left a purchaser without a previous similar model without any source of power at all.The video card was so regressed Debian fainted and could not install Gnome.This seller has decided to sell laptops stripped of everything that can be resold and leave it up to the purchaser to find that out. I would not buy from them again.  I did not return this one because in the process of investigating its shortcomings I did change its original state, for example filthy to clean, fastening down the palmrest, etc. and do not want the additional annoyance of dealing with return postage and arguments  over original vs. returned condition.The one thing it did have as advertised, other than a functioning motherboard, working wireless and an irrelevant Windows installation, was the 120 gigabyte harddrive.

It is very slow. I need a laptop to work with microsoft visual studio. It serves my purpose, and can carry my job on this laptop.

While performance of T500 is not bad, it has several flaws for anyone looking for a solid Biz machine and typing on in for hours.  First, the keyboard location/palm rest space is non-ergnonimic and will lead to wrist pain for anyone with medium to large palms. With mouse pad and related related clickable fields taking extra space, loudspeakers on the top taking space, there is not enough space to rest your palms - they end up resting on the edges and slipping off - putting pressure on your wrist area. This can lead to Carpal tunnel syndrom. Second, the location or finger reader is awkward - just under where you keep your hands instead on the side. Thrid, the weight of above 6lbs speaks against T500.  Another major flaws is that are no LED displays above 1280 resolution,  For serious user, better options are Dell E6500, and perhaps Apple until HP comes up with new series of laptops with LED displays.

I've had my U530 for about a month and its been a love-hate relationship.  The speed, display and overall performance are great, but the wireless connectivity is pretty much unusable.  it drops Internet connections almost continuously.  Just go google the wireless adapter and read about the nightmare!I'm sure Intel will fix this issue someday, but for now its going back.UPDATE 2/25/2014I have purchased a TP-Link USB Wireless adapter ($8.88 - http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008IFXQFU/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1) and disabled the on-board Intel Wireless N 7260 and it is now working great.  In fact, the TP-Link adapter makes the Internet run 2 to 3 times faster than the on-board flakey Intel wireless adapter when it was working.I'm happy again.

Computer died after having it for less than 6 months.  Lenovo Warranty service is poor they forced me to ship it to them (no local service centers to drop it off at) and told me it would be 7 business days before I would get it back (provided they had the parts in stock, if not they could not give me a date).  As for the laptop when it was working my chief compliant is the touchpad and how it jumps from screen to screen instead of just moving the mouse pointer around.  Overall, I will never buy another Lenovo product and would not recommend them to anyone.

The laptop is great but the company doesn't care about customers. Their goal is not to make you happy and loyal customer but just to sell you stuff. I bought Lenovo U530 touch model 59412272 from Lenovo website. The model 59402351 with discrete graphics and 1Tb HDD was unavailable at the time of ordering. Then when my order was on the way, I contacted Lenovo and asked can I return the unopened box without incurring the 15% restocking fee. The answer was NO! No exceptions. I expalained, that I want to order the more expensive model but again, no exceptions. This was my last purchase from them.

2014-JAN-06:Unfortunately, I can't - yet.I am a huge fan of Asus products. I am looking at my Asus monitor right now while I write this review, using my Asus motherboard (probably my 10th Asus mobo by now), and I have many other Asus products.Before I go any further, I want to express my gratitude and pleasure dealing with Asus' 24/7 Technical Support phone line. Asus is providing the level of one-on-one service that used to be the standard for all great tech companies. Unfortunately for consumers, this is now an extremely rare level of service. BIG kudos (and +1 star) to Asus for this!The K550-EH51T was a present for my wife. We have been using it for about 2 weeks now.Overall, this should have been a decent laptop PC. The screen is good, and the PC is fairly responsive for a Core i5 processor. I absolutely detest the Windows 8 O/S, but that is mostly fixable through free apps (like "Classic Shell") that give you back a full Windows 7 user interface.O/S issues aside, we have had two significant problems with our K550-EH51T:1) The touchpad has been acting erratically, where the cursor "quivers" and jumps randomly when using the touchpad. The cursor is almost impossible to control with the touchpad when this happens. I called Asus tech support on this, and they had me uninstall the touchpad driver (without deleting the drivers from the hard drive) and reboot the PC to have the drivers automatically detected and reinstalled. This has worked - for now - but I can't say that I believe it to be a solid solution. Fortunately, we don't need to use the touchpad much, so this wasn't a deal-killer for us.2) The installed WiFi adapter is constantly having issues. It is slow to make connection to websites. And, it randomly "forgets" the connection to my WiFi router. Sometimes, the WiFi adapter doesn't even show that there are any WiFi adapters available in the area, even though there are about a dozen. *THIS* is a deal-killer.I have tried resetting the PC to factory defaults (for that fresh, out-of-the-box feeling) a few times now. I have not been able to fix the WiFi problems yet.At this point, the laptop has (a) sporadic hardware problems; and/or (b) driver problems.I am making one last-ditch effort to reinstall Win 8.1, and associated drivers. Maybe this last time will fix everything.If not, I will return this laptop to Amazon, and replace it with the same model.Stay tuned ... I will update this review with my progress.********************************************2014-JAN-10:Reinstalling Win 8.1/drivers did not work. Sending laptop back to Amazon for a replacement. I will let you know how Asus laptop #2 works out.********************************************2014-JAN-14:The replacement laptop arrived from Amazon. WiFi is failing in exactly the same ways. There must be a driver or hardware issue with the Qualcomm Atheros chipset (Other manufacturers are having similar issues with this chipset). I will be returning this Asus laptop, and purchasing something else.Bummer.

The hinge mechanism is faulty workmanship. I bought the laptop in August 2013. The hinge broke and because it is molded to the LCD, ASUS is expecting me to pay $165 as well as shipping ($30.00) for the repair. ASUS will not stand by its warranty even though the hinge initially broke after my owning it only 2 weeks. I have never written a negative review before. However, my frustration with ASUS is extremely high. Repeated emails from a local computer repair man, who is officially sanctioned by ASUS for repairs, have not resulted in anything. He, also, has decided to break all ties with ASUS after this incident.

I always wanted one of these. I had planned to buy one for years. But now that we have all these new tablets and such, this thing is a thing of the past, don't get it

I bought three of these to use at the office, and two of them have already died the infamous "blinking lights and dead screen" death, after about two years of use.  They do run extremely hot, and if you have one that still is running I recommend you turn all the power management settings to maximum power savings, even when plugged in, to try and extend its life.  Another problem with this model is the very soft plastic on the screen. Mine have developed very deep opaque ruts, just with routine daily use with the provided pens. Another problem is the awkward battery placement.  They don't show it on any of the promotional pictures, but the battery sticks out very far on the hinge side, making it a lot harder to carry.On the plus side, the physical design aside from the battery is very good, with the machine working well in both notebook and tablet configurations.  The battery life is good for how powerful the CPU and graphics are. The screen is large and bright.  The price was good for a unit with these features. The pen and digitizer work very nicely.

Bought  this from Best Buy in November of 2012. Within 2 weeks it was crashing with a blue screen. Eventually it started happening so frequently that I called support and they told me it was a hardware problem and I would have to pay to ship it to them. Which is BS because if this is a mess up on their part they should be paying for it and everything that comes with fixing it, including shipping. Next the battery is a joke lol it started out at 100% giveing about 6 hours, then slowly overtime it turned into 100% gives you 1 hour 12 minutes. This is only after 4 months of ownership. WTF. Do Not Waste Your Money.

I purchased this laptop as an inexpensive alternative to have windows available, simply because some of the access I need for business requires windows explorer (my other machines are Mac's). I know, you see Mac and immediately think I hate Microsoft but that's not the point of view for this article nor is it true.  I like what works consistently with the least amount of my life spent wasting time attempting to get things to work. I have been working with computers since the days of the commodore Vic 20, so I have experience with operating systems, of many types.Now onward with my comments about this Lenovo N585 laptop, notebook... what ever the latest term you wish to use.1) Build quality: This computer is all plastic and as plastic goes its not very durable, there is no latch for the screen when the laptop is closed, therefore there is a vast amount of wiggle (side to side) occurring between the surfaces of the screen and keyboard. You most likely will need a hard case to transport this laptop to keep the movement to a minimum, in order to reduce hinge wear or breakage. It is an advantage that this laptop has the larger 15+ screen, which is clear and bright enough for normal laptop use.  Of course as in all laptops, this machine does not work well in direct sunlight2) Keyboard: The layout of this keyboard is not intuitive, it has shortened, misplaced keys, arranged to allow the laptop to include an accountant style numerical key pad. I find myself constantly looking for the shift key and repeatedly hitting the caps lock or return keys instead of the shift key. Further, the location of other keys on the lower scale of the qwerty keyboard are slightly shifted, therefore someone who types using qwerty will miss those keys often.3) Track Pad: This is one of the most single aggravating devices in have ever used on any laptop.  The pad jumps from place to place erratically.  Even with the palm setting turned on this pad moves all over the place while typing in any situation.  Corrections with this track pad are nearly impossible to achieve. I finally wound up plugging in my trackball and turned off the track pad, because I simply could never get the device to behave.  I had more success getting the track pad to settle down using Ubuntu than MS Windows 7 or 8. The other aggravating issue related to this track pad is its placement.  Its placed in the center just to the left of center which is extremely aggravating as you often find yourself hunting for it. This is true of all current Laptops except Macs.  Its the dumbest Idea anyone ever came up with and the PC manufacturers just won't listen to customers who absolutely can not stand this arrangement.  The other problem with the trackpad is its size, its enormous, causing one to contact the pad with their palm while typing (cannot be avoided).4) CD/DVD:  This device has worked very well no matter what operating system I have used.  You will have to load the country driver in order to use this device under Ubuntu, however it works well after the driver is loaded.  The only drawback to the CD/DVD is the location of the button to open the door, its tiny and surface mounted so you find yourself having to use your fingernail in order to open the drive door, I have found this to be an identical issue with many other laptops as well.5) Wireless: The Broadcom wireless card in this machine is without doubt the single worst feature of the machine.  It failed under Windows 7 & 8 (just stopped working), I tore my network apart thinking I had a problem with my devices when all along it was this laptops wireless card.  I finally got the Broadcom to work under Ubuntu, through Comcast ISP however when I changed to AT&T; the broadcom could never acquire an IP address.  Finally I removed the Broadcom wireless card and I am using a USB TPlink (ralink) wireless dongle (TL-WN321G) which solved all of my wireless problems.6) AMD E1: Remember that this is a 1.3ghz processor therefore don't expect it to be a powerhouse.  It works fine for must computing needs, however it struggles with high definition, streamed video such as Youtube.  However it works fine playing movies from DVDs. When I switched from Windows to Ubuntu 12.04, I acquired much better response from the AMD GPU (you will need to load the Linux driver for AMD).7) Ethernet: The ethernet card has worked flawlessly in this computer in every operating system I installed which includes Windows 8 (default which came with the machine) Windows 7, Linux Mint and Ubuntu (I settled with Ubuntu).8) USB ports: I have not had any issues with the USB ports not working on this machine under all of the operating system I have place on the maching (Microsoft and Linux)9) Video output ports (VGA and HDMI): These both worked under Microsoft and I know the VGA works under Ubuntu but I have not attempted the HDMI under Linux (Ubuntu).  I don't often connect my laptop to an HD TV or monitor, so you will need to test this function for yourself if you plan on using Linux.  Remember that when you connect this laptop to HDMI, its will limit the resolution to the maximum allowable by your video driver.10) Memory or RAM: This machine came with 2gig of 1600 ram which was enough for Linux but not enough for Windows.  Expect to add More ram to this machine immediately.  Currently I am running 6 gig of ram which seems to be adequate.  I have not experienced a Ram related failure with this machine. Like all laptops, there are only two slots for ram, which must be considered when upgrading the ram.11) Cooling: Like most PC laptops, this machine is cooled using a fan which draws air from the bottom of the machine.  The air intake duct is located on the left side of the bottom of the machine, near the screen.  Therefore if you use the machine on your lap, there is a better than average chance you are going to block the air intake duct with your left leg.  Why PC manufacturers have not figured this out is a mystry to me. If they would draw cooling air from the back of the machine, this issue would be resolved.  At any rate you will need some type of lap table or board to set this laptop on while having it in your lap or it will overheat, because you will block the intake port off with your knee.12) The access plate on the bottom of this machine allows for one plate to be removed in order to gain access to everything.  Its the best arrangement for a PC laptop I have seen, however you will need a screwdriver to remove the access panel. Changing drives or ram is simple and straight foreword.13) Battery: The battery on this laptop provides about 3+ hours of service, depending on what computing task you are undertaking. When the battery is charging, its gets hot to the touch so holding the laptop in your lap will become more difficult depending on the insulation layer between your laptop battery and your skin.  This laptop like most of the PC style laptops, continues with the plug in battery charger although Lenovo did angel the plug which makes it less vulnerable to damage.  I have no idea why most of the PC manufacturers have not moved to magnetic charging plugs like the ones found on Macs.14) Software: The basic load for this laptop includes a vast array of bloatware as do most Microsoft machines.  I could never get this machine to operate correctly under Windows 8, Further I could never understand Windows 8, it was as if it was a hodgepodge of stuff put together which was not exactly like Android but not exactly Windows 7 either.  I found myself having to think tabled while operating under Metro and Thinking PC while operating the desktop its a Frankenstein attempt at an OS for sure and many people will find it very confusing. I loaded Window 7 on this machine and had the same issues with the hardware as I did under Windows 8. I was ready to return the machine until I loaded Linux on it.  Once Linux was loaded, the machine settled down and worked like a computer should.  I finally settled with Ubuntu 12.04 which has been working very well since I removed the broadcom wireless card and installed the TP link USB wireless driver.  If you purchase one of these laptops, ditch Windows and move immediately to Linux, or you will become so frustrated with Windows, you will physically throw this laptop off the roof of your house. Ubuntu 12/04 works well with this machine (that is what I am using now) however Linux Mint worked very well when I loaded it, its really your preference as to which Linux distribution you prefer.  Ubuntu seems to have its eye on the future with a software solution that covers PCs,Pads, and Cell phones as collaborative devices.15) Customer Service:  Forget it, Lenovo provides an on line forum where users bash you about with their self assigned importance and vast egos.  There is really no customer service to speak of coming from Lenovo for the ideapad user, most of the help is forum based, with very little engineering expertise based upon the technical knowledge of the machines design. This is not simply a Lenovo issue, I have found it to be the up and coming standard with many PC manufactures who are attempting to copy Apple.  The difference in Apple is they provide the user two pathways, one is the forum and the other technical experts.  The PC manufacturers seem to have forgotten the second half of this equation.Overall summary, this is a mediocre laptop which does not include an option for bluetooth, It will run most programming, however it struggles with high definition, streaming graphics (such as youtube).  This laptop will not successfully run under Windows 8 and has major issues running under Windows 7.  This laptop will run fine under Linux Ubuntu and Mint, however the bradcom wireless device will need to be removed and replaced by a ralink alternative in order to be successful for all ISP's.  Failure of the boradcom wifi is not a solution which is limited to Linux, its a solution which effects Windows as well. I imagine most of these laptops are simply Chinese manufactured machines, with various manufacturing badges printed on the exterior, as this one appears to be very much like the Acer version. The other aggravating issue is centered around eliminating the use of the track pad and moving to either a mouse or track ball. Just be sure to select the option to turn off the trackpad when a mouse is plugged in in order to stop palm movement from the trackpad.  If you are looking for a cheep laptop, I would not think this one not to be any worse or better than selections from other vendors as they are most likely all the same Chinese machine. If you are thinking this is equal to an older thinkpad (such as the T61) its not, as this machine is not even a shadowy reflection of the older, well built, thinkpads.

do not buy  Lenovo ideapad n585,,,.it is just garbage, crashed,crashed, crashed all the time, does not start ,blue screen, ..just garbage

Within two weeks of ownership, the display starts showing random dark lines on the display. I believe it is hardware issue. This one is going back to where it came from.

This thing is trash. I have used Lenovo products for years and am a Lenovo certified engineer working for a Lenovo Authorized Service Provider, so you can only imagine how many of their products I have seen over the years. This is by far the absolute worst product Lenovo has ever made. It's too slow to use, I type far faster than this thing runs. The last Word document I created took forever. I typed three paragraphs and it was still trying to catch up. I removed Windows 8 and went back to Windows 7 with no improvement. After three months of using this thing, I am going to demand that Lenovo refund this junk.

I saw this at the store and thought it looked great. I checked the specs and everything. But what I didn't do was test the keyboard. The keyboard on this is horrible. I would say 25% of the keys I strike do not register. You have to strike extremely hard for the keys to register. I lose a lot of time with my work having to go back and correct my papers for keys that didn't register. This was a waste of $700 for me.

This is my first time to leave a review about a product. Unfortunately it is a bad one.Here is what happened. I have been using a Kensington lock for the last five years for my previous laptop. After I bought this laptop, I started using the lock for the new laptop. I could feel that the lock slot didn't fit the lock in the first few times I used it. And then when I used it the last time a week back, it got stuck and I am not able to pull it out ever since.I used the same combination for the last five years and my colleague have several of the same locks and we use them over the years without any issues until this thing came up. I talked to Amazon and they asked to talk to Acer first, which intended to blame the lock. But I am pretty sure it is the problem with the design of the lock slot. Otherwise, I would have problem with my previous laptop and my colleague would also have problems as we switch laptops all the time.Anyway, Acer doesn't want to be responsible for this issue and I will see if Amazon will eventually stand behind the product they sell.Besides the lock slot issue, the laptop is a bit slow even with a 3rd generation i5 and 6 GB of RAM. It got frozen a few times already within three weeks of usage.The thing I dislike most about the laptop is its keyboard, which is very sticky and so awkward to use. I thought I could get used to it after a while but I still can not after three weeks. One of my co-workers complained about the keyboard when he just tried to type one sentence. "I hate it" was his original word.The viewing angle of the laptop is also so narrow and I have to change the screen from time to time to have a clearer view.I will have to return it to Amazon and hope they can give me full refund as the purchase was made less than a month ago.Some pros:  light and thin with a decent price tag.

Sometimes when the power cord was unplugged from the wall t screen would go black and te only way to get the screen back was to turn the computer off by holding down the power button. Already returned and got a laptop from another company.

i am still having problems with windows 8it is difficult to figure out and very different from any other program i have ever used

First day with my pc and Windows 8. So far, not impressed, but my friend says give anything 21 days and then decide.

The Pavilion G6 series lap top from HP may look nice but has some HP known issues. I purchase one about three month  ago. And was working fine until the other day. I went to turn on the laptop and nothing. No display and No power led's. I verified that the power pack was working giving out the correct voltage with a volt meter. I called HP and told them what was happening. I ended up getting the laptop working with a couple of simple steps. 1st remove the battery and unplug the laptop. Plug the power pack back in with the battery removed. This resets the laptop. Once powered up I shut down windows. I then plug in the battery to test if I had a battery problem. The laptop came back up without any issues. After talking with the HP rep he stated that this was a known issue with the pavilion G6. Ii seems that static will build up on the plastic case causing a charge across the motherboard. When this happened the laptop needs to be reset to dispel the unwanted charge.  I would expect a known with a company like HP to correct the problem instead of continuing to manufacture a defective product. A simple fix would be to use a static resistant plastic in the laptop design.

Since buying this computer I've had to replace a hard drive after 6 months.  I've had a system crash and it was non recoverable and had to go back to hp-lost some info.  The screen has these weird dots in some programs that move with the windows.  sent it back to have it repaired, they said it was the keyboard and replaced it.  Got it back and same problem.

I had this computer for 4 months and the hard drive crashed one day with no warning. Sony has done little to help and it has to be sent out to be fixed. I have NEVER had such a upsetting issue with a computer so quickly! I will never buy a sony computer again. It was such a waste of over $700.00. Grr. Save your money and buy a Macbook!

Worked just fine for two months and then the computer died.  Every support person I dealt with from Sony was based in India.  Each one of them wants to walk through a 15 minute trouble shooting routine of removing the battery, remove memory, etc.  Non of the trouble shooting solved the issue. After two weeks they sent a repair person to fix the laptop.  He replaced the mother board and the machine was alive again.  Two and a half months later the computer died again.  I called Sony to return the machine for a refund or a new laptop and they refused.  They are planing to send a repair person out again.  Does not sound very cost effective to me.  At this point I would buy any brand of laptop over a Sony.  I understand that sometimes you just get a lemon, the answer is replace the lemon or issue a refund. You really don't want to spend over 15 hours with Sony support!

After four months, the laptop screen stopped working properly.Half of the screen started to look so grainy. Additionally, software vaio care is very slow

I received this computer and in the 2 months that I had it the hard drive crashed, worst of all while i was doing a HW assignment. I had to send it back to Sony to get the hard drive replaced!? Then when I got it back of course everything I purchased was deleted off (Microsoft office, virus software) How crazy that would happen right? Mind you I take excellent care of my computer so it was no fault of my own I just assume I was sold a lemon, I still had all the original plastic on the laptop when it crashed so I sent it back basically brand new. Thank god i had just purchased an extended warranty like a week prior otherwise id be even more SOL lol so What I've learned from this experience personally don't buy electronics on amazon, others experiences hopefully varied.

I have had nothing but problems with this computer from day one. I actually had to return this PC to the store 3 times on the FIRST day because every one that came out of the box was broken in some way - hard drive failures, overheats, and one that wouldn't boot up at all. Finally on the fourth try, we got one that seemed to be ok. WOW, was that wrong!!!I was already VERY wary about even keeping it, but because I had already purchased the extended service policy, returning wasn't an option (according to the store). They said all I could do was exchange it for another of the same model. Probably a bunch of baloney because the store didn't want to be stuck with this piece of junk anymore than I did.The Sony VAIO  computer has had more Blue Screens Failures than the "Blue Man Group", the internet disconnects every 5 minutes, the microphone jack has never worked, and the list goes on and on. Not to mention the fact that Sony service is a joke! Don't even get me started.For those of you who say, oh it's just the luck of the draw - it can happen with any computer brand because all the components are made at the same place ......to you I say...NO WAY!  It is no coincidence that I had to go through 4 of these pieces garbage to even get one that would turn on. I have had nothing but trouble... number 4 was NO charm! And the list of people giving this computer 1 star grows. Wish I could have given it 0 stars!A $700 EPIC FAILURE!!!!!

shipping from Ontrac probably threw the laptop to my front door, the keyboard cover popped out of place.  Need to do something about this type of S&H....; and yeah, I sent it back!

I purchased my Sony Vaio during the summer of 2012 and within 2 months, the black lining began ripping off. I know it's not just me, because my friend's same exact sea foam white Vaio was also falling apart. It is NOT a coincidence.In addition, just the other day, my whole device shut down. I brought my Sony to the shop in McLean, Virginia and they said they were unable to fix it because it had cosmetic damage to it. The damage, they said was due to a crack on the side. Um, it WOULD NOT of had damage if it wasn't designed so poorly. Talk about disappointing customer service! I HAD MY LAPTOP FOR ONLY 6 MONTHS. IT BREAKS DOWN IN COLLEGE. NOW YOU'RE TELL ME YOU CANNOT FIX IT BECAUSE THERE IS A COSMETIC PROBLEM? Plus, they said it was an interior problem, but the warranty doesn't cover it since they see cosmetic damage.I'm a poor college students and to straight up waste my $600 is so SO disappointing Sony. I love Sonyy products... especially their TVS and cameras but I seriously have a bad image of Sony. To yell at my father and I in the store like that AND to not offer any solutions to our problem. Great. All I want is my Vaio fixed...

I bought my laptop about 1 month before going to college. It worked perfectly then, but after coming to college the laptop has stopped working. The first time it was in sleep mode and when I came back to turn it on it wouldnt turn on. I pressed the power button, I did the thing with removing the battery and holding the power button for 30 seconds and still nothing. 8 hours later I try to turn it on and it does. A couple days later it has done the same thing except this time its not turning on. I am not sure if its a problem with the hardrive or if its only applicable to my computer but this should not be happening. Also, the speakers do suck if you are going to listen to music or anything, there is absolutely no base and the volume is very low. It also gathers a lot of dust and smudges all over. But otherwise everything is awesome, if it only it would turn on!

Awful speakers, tiny sound, no depth - can't hear it with any other noise in the background - not even with the AC running!!!!! If you need a laptop for anything that involves listening to sounds (playing music, DVDs, audiobooks, using Skype...), forget about it. And the customer service is crap. Simply return it before it's too late.

I switched from a Mac to this PC, and I'm very glad I did. Windows 7 is pretty great. There's a decent amount of junk software preloaded, but also some useful software (media organizers/ players, etc), and useless but fun games.Other than that, what's not to like, especially now that it's $50 less than the $700 I paid for it? It's 14", so it's transportable. Has a DVD drive, a ton of memory, is really fast. Multiple programs run easily. Battery lasts about three hours, but can last longer with wireless/ speakers turned off.In contrast to some negative reviews, I have had zero problems with the computer overheating. The only reasons I can think to not purchase it are if you wanted either Bluetooth or Bluray capabilities directly installed, as it doesn't have either.EDITEverything I said previously was true, but I have altered my rating to take into account the poor lifetime of the laptop. The battery power fell to zero seconds within 12 months, and the cord powering the monitor became defective within 18 months, allowing only certain specific viewing angles, and causing general frustration.

The HP dv4-2161nr is a good notebook for the value.- The good: fast processor, generous HD space and memory, good keyboard and display. Amazon buying experience was great.- The bad:Touch pad is a little sticky, should be made of another material.Some unnecessary HP software, but you can remove them.- The worst:I was unlucky because it came defective. Battery was not charging. After some talking with HP online support, I had to send it for repair. HP replaced a circuit board and the battery, but I think the battery was good and the circuit board of the notebook was not working.Both online support and authorized service center were good and fast. I got it repaired in one week.However, I'm worried with future problems. If HP let a basic defect like this to pass, what other issues may arise?Another issue is that the warranty start date is not the purchase date. It's 3 months before. I asked HP to change the date, but got no answer.Anyway, if it was not for those issues, I would give it 4 stars.

I received this laptop as a graduation present nearly one year ago to this very month. I asked for this HP Pavillion DV-4 laptop for portability, ease of use, and it's features. For about 7 months, the laptop worked marvelously. And then...The computer began to shut down automatically with nearly 80 percent battery life in it. This seems to be the only problem that this computer has is that the battery life diminishes at an alarming rate. First 2 hours fully charged, then 1 hour and 30 minutes, then 1 hour. Now, I am lucky enough to get even 15 minutes of battery life. I have to keep the computer plugged in at all times so it does not crash. Well, so much for portability.I checked my warranty last week to see if I could get a replacement battery, and found out that my warranty does not cover battery replacement. How interesting that the warranty doesn't cover the only thing that plagues my computer. Overall, this computer would have been a nice 4-star or even 5-star machine, however, the dreadful battery life has made me rate this at 2 stars, and the lack of customer support has also brought it down to 1 star. Some people may say that my review is far too biased, and I should focus on the good parts of the computer. Well, I would gladly love to, however the basic need for a working battery overshadows anything else. How can i honestly focus on the good qualities when the computer keeps crashing without the charger in?And from the reviews I am reading, I am not alone in this.Here is my review overall:PRO's:-Sleek design-Great working touchpad-Very good ram, able to run multiple programs without any problems-Good speakers-Okay webcamCON's:-TERRIBLE battery-The two lone USB ports are too close together; you can only use one at a time (which brings up the question: what's the point of the second USB port?)-Wifi isn't too good; sometimes the connection will be lost for no reason.-A bit of a fingerprint magnetUPDATE:The computer has now officially died: it no longer turns on, plugged in or not. I will never buy from HP again.

My title says it. Board-level failure at one year. Will not boot, even with the repair boot disk; will not even post to the BIOS screen. It's two weeks out of warranty so the bill will be $361 for a new motherboard. Think I'll just sell it on Ebay for parts instead; can't see investing further in it. This is my second recent HP to die prematurely. The last one, which this one replaced, died a similar death in two and a half years. No abuse, no travel, just used around the house. Died looking brand new. I can't see buying another HP at this point, though I've owned a half a dozen over the past ten years. There's something bad going on with that company regarding laptops...

Bought this laptop brand new, about eight months ago, from Amazon.  Last week, I went to open it up from the closed position, and it literally cracked in half.  Total hinge failure.  Despite the fact that it had never been dropped, HP would not honor the warranty, and it cost almost $300 to repair.  Okay, but never HP again.  They make cheap stuff, with known hinge problems, then will not even warranty their lousy hinges.

I love everything about this laptop except for the mouse. It's a big problem, cause one cannot control the mouse, you'll find that your windows open and close on its own. The mouse is way too sensitive. It drove me crazy. I'm so annoyed by it that I gave it away to my niece.

I bought a HP and had nothing but trouble since day one. It had a 1 year warranty from the company they kept saying to send it in, it would come back worse than before. I sent it in 6 times and still not satisfyed. WILL never buy HP again and I've told my friends also, they don't stand behind their product, I was very disappointed.

USB ports are close to each other. I cannot put an USB flash drive and USB mouse at the same time.  I cannot see what on screen when the ambient light is too bright such as at local coffee shops or outdoor.

Don't buy HP laptops! The firm I work for has 4 elitebooks and they are the most unreliable laptops I have ever run across. Just recently I had to replace a hard drive, display and motherboard in an elitebook that was 15 months old. Dealing with HP support (based obviously in India) was a nightmare! I told them that it was extremely important to have these problems fixed ASAP so they said that they would send out a tech with the parts to replace them. Later that afternoon I received the quote from HP for the parts and labor to fix the machine that was still under the parts warranty and it came out to $2400. That's right $2400 to fix a $2300 machine! Needless to say the appointment with the tech was canceled, and it is now four days later and HP has still not come up with a reasonable fix to my problem. Stay away from all HP laptops! Hardware is cheap and unreliable, and customer service is a joke!! You have been warned.

Before you buy HP, research "HP pavilion freezes, lock ups, lawsuits".I have a Pavilion and it's unusable due to regular motherboard-related lock ups, 6 months after the warranty expired, and I'm not alone.I have no intention of ever buying an HP laptop again, and if you do your homework, you  might not either.

I got this laptop today, and there is no mobile remote in the box. WHY???????

I bought this computer last June, but only used it for a few weeks and then shelved it because the sound card went and I couldn't use it for skype which is essential for me.  I couldn't send it back for repair because I bought it in the US and then brought it to Israel with me.  However, a few weeks ago I took it out of storage because my other laptop broke.  I still can't use it for skype, but now another even more troubling problem has happened.  It literally gets burning hot after just a few minutes use and actually caused a burn to exposed skin.  I wish I could return this.  It is not even a fast computer - just average.  Also the battery last no more than an hour max fully charged.  I would definitely not recommend!  Very disappointing!!

I hate HP.  I have a DV4 Pavillion laptop.  The unit is designed poorly.  From the start it likes to jump the cursor around when you are typing.  This is due to poor design of the trackpad.  Next it runs hot and overworks the heatsink fan.  Before getting this one I purchased a turion laptop which also had defects and this was sent as a replacement.  I have had two HP photosmart printers that were likewise poorly made.  I will never buy HP again.

It literally fell apart after 15 months.HP does not stand by their products:A small crack started near the hinge and the screen literally split apart making it impossible to close and then it just stopped working all together.This laptop was very carefully taken care of and never abused or dropped.We brought it in to Best Buy and they said it should have lasted a lot longer than that and they could clearly tell it was never dropped or abused.Went round and round with HP to no avail. They do not stand by their products. Best Buy gave us a $100 off a new laptop because they felt bad aboutthe situation and of course we did not purchase another HP and never will !!!

I am a software engineer who has used a variety of brands. I got a 3 month old DV6t-2000 i7 quad core with 8GB RAM for development purposes. I trusted in HP brand and bought this computer to see that there is absolutely no support. The computers GET issues from time to time, a well performing computer does not necessarily mean that it is a good product.The support department is going to offer you to replace the whole panel and reformat the PC if one of your key-caps(in my case up arrow) gets loose or broken. You will have to leave your PC to service department for at least a month if you have warranty, and if your warranty is over may God help you since your will have to pay several hundred dollars. There is absolutely 0 initiative, and prepare to talk to human robots. I went up to their CEO! and could not get a resolution. Managers are arrogant and chooses to fight with the customer instead of offering solutions.I am an IT expert and strongly suggest advanced and novice users to stay away from HP as far as possible...

I bought HP Pavilion dv5-1251nr in June, 2009 from a reputed US store.After purchase, for first few months my laptop was fine but thereafter from mid Dec'09, I started to face issues of continuous mild noise emitting from the right top corner of laptop (where power cord is attached to the body) while booting my laptop or running anti-virus scan on hard drive.I hear a metallic click click sound also (that comes twice) when I switch on my laptop by pressing power button. Again, I hear continuous noise during shut-down which is similar to that occurring during start-up and it emits similar mild noise when I open or save files from / to hard disc. This is not even one year after purchase and naturally, I started wondering how a quality (?) product can start behaving abnormally within a few months.I contacted HP tech support (1 800 474 6836) who operates from all over India (cities of Mumbai, Hyderabad, Kolkata etc.) for last few days and each time, a different technical assistant would handle the complaint when I would explain and repeat the same thing to them. Each technical person would suggest different opinions and ask to try out a service pack and/or trouble shoot different options sometimes for more than an hour but were unable to make any conclusion when it is simple and clear from the very noise that it is purely a mechanical problem and not related to vista operating system or any driver software. Some of them promised to replace the hard disc but, seemed to be extremely cautious and each time they would request me to do more repeated troubleshooting.More interestingly, HP technical assistants from Kolkata seemed to respond under a dubbed name as when I asked last name of one of them, he replied that they would not expose their names to customers !!!However, this is not the practice for HP technical assistants from Hyderabad or Mumbai !!!Exasperated, I filed a complaint at HP site ([...]) where they allow customers to fill in a complaint form when there is no provision for US customers (or any US state)! However, I entered my details clubbing all information in different form fields. I got a complaint identification number and was notified that it had been recorded and would be forwarded to the relevant department.However, I do not have any status update from HP as yet as to redress of my complaint !!!Unfortunately, I did not check and investigate reputation of HP - after sales support before laptop purchase. There are numerous complaints and posts about HP products and especially about its apathy to prompt service... some of the posts indicate that to tackle customer complaints, HP employees write favorable reviews about HP and its products over internet !!!I came to know that a number of customers filed law suit in China against HP and verdict went in customers' favor and HP had to comply with court order.Please read following posts before buying any HP product because of awful and atrocious service of this company !!!The last link gives a comparative analysis of HP with other reputed brands in the market (HP finishes last !!!).1. [...]2. [...]3. [...]Hope this information is useful !

would you to send in the sofware with spanish version?HP Pavilion DV4-2161NR 14.1-Inch Laptop (Digital Plaid)

In my opinion this Laptop is extremely hot... at the beginning it was ok, after a year it became too hot to write longer than 20 minutes.Lately it started to turn off after a while of use because of the temperature.I asked for technical supper but there was not any for this problem.I don't recommend it.

Decent computer, for the price. Unfortunately, during shipping, the 'T' button ceased to function, so I pulled it out and pressed it with my finger and the button worked. Then, about a week after I got it, the whole thing shut down. Couldn't get it to start up again(trust me, it had good battery). Since it was so cheap, I just returned it and was refunded full price.(minus shipping, cheapskate)Don't buy it, just don't.

First off, I will say the customer service was helpful when I had to return my ibook G4 the first time. I had the ibook for about a week and attempted to download my first CD to itunes and the CD got stuck. I returned it and they quickly repaired the CD drive and it's worked fine since. About a week ago (i first received this ibook on 3/4/11), while surfing the web the computer screen will make a screeching sound and then freeze up. I also get the error message to restart the computer. I do, and it'll freeze up again...and again and again. Some times, it doesn't even make it to the desktop and it'll freeze up on me. Needless to say I'm pretty frustrated at this point. I'll be returning the ibook this week and hopefully they can fix or replace. I'll updated this review accordingly.

i was very insecure about this computer.then i received it and it was not all I expected it to be. if you want a computer just buy a new one and you have factory garantee. they also took very long to give  me back my money-

Because I cannot rewrite a review for Kelly, because she asked me to take the last one down, I will write the review here. I bought this computer in August and the hard drive has already died and the computer is completely unusable. I am very disappointed with Amazon for not letting me write a review on this seller, because people should know what sort of lousy, unreliable products she is selling. If I could give this 0 stars, I would! So unhappy. What a waste of over $200.

This was not what i expected, DO NOT BUY THIS FOR YOU KIDS USE BECAUSE THEY WILL NOT LIKE IT. If they want to play games on the internet or download games you can't, because the operating system is too old to run games.

I didn't know it was that old, so I had to cancel it. Nobody uses modem anymore. So I decides to canceled it.

i gave it on christmas as a gift it already broke 1/3/12, child is now very unhappy and im out the money great way to do business

This apple Ibook G4 is now what I expected to be with camera video , and with profesiional internet and I really hate it !!!! Now I buyed one new computer from Apple store in store because I went to Apple store for buy a professional computer ! So I recomand you do not buy from interneet  if you really want something very good and don't buy anymore this things from internet and buy a professional one and with professional is less viruses but not from Internet and go in store better because in internet they lie !!

When browsing the internet the screen zooms in and you have no control of viewing. Also the screen display shuts off or gets frozen when shifted into a different position.

My school bought these for the teachers. I've had it for two weeks. The screen will not turn on after being in sleep/hibernate/shut down. Eventually it will come on after 3-4 forced shut downs using the power button. It already needs to be sent back for repairs.

Got mine a week ago. The touch screen is buggy  and very unreliable and requires restarts. I bought the system for speed, ITs VERY slow! Constantly having to reboot, ect., ect. It pisses me off I feel the need to spend the time to warn others. Don't buy it!! Mines headed to the dump! POC I'm going back to Dell!

I bought this couple weeks ago and it's a wonderful machine. Proceeded to upgrade the 4 gig of memory to 8 or 16 and found of that the memory and soldered in and therefore not upgradable at all. Taking it back to the store. Would have loved to have kept it if the memory was upgradable. If you are content to run one application at a time this may be the machine for you otherwise take a pass.

title says it all. besides the buggy screen the constant crashes i had my hard drive go twice. not replacing this time.one positive is I now externally back up everything on a regular basis

I started a new job in January and they gave me the Lenovo S230u Twist. My new boss said it would be great for presentations and it's very flexible and that the company will be giving their sales people this product in the future. Do not buy this machine! Yes, it does rotate and you can make presentation with it but you can do the same thing with a normal laptop for less money!The keypad is the worst in the industry. It's upside down where the left and right buttons are near the keyboard not your thumbs. The corners of the mouse pad can be pressed but the pressure is inconsistent and the cursor is constantly moving around by itself.I own a Samsung Note 10.1 and it outperforms the twist hands down. The Note's screen is too small for more than one-on-one presentations however. But I have eliminated my paper notepad and do everything electronically.The Twist has a touch screen but doesn't offer a stylus for handwriting, something I love about the Note. All you end up doing is getting the screen dirty touching it. The screen resolution is poor as well. If the Twist did handwriting recognition I could live with the warts it has, but it doesn't.The Twists case has a matte black or grey finish and it sucks up finger oils and constantly looks dirty. Don't eat or snack while working because whatever you eat will end up on the case or mousepad. Bad design.The Twist can swivel. So what? Turn a normal less expensive laptop around and you can accomplish the same thing.The Twist crashes randomly. I don't know if it's because of Windows 8 or the unit itself but it's feels like the old school pc's that would just crash for no reason.The keyboard is weird as well. The delete key is above the backspace key. Not well thought out at all.This machine gets an "F-" for form, function, and price.Buy something else.

This year I bought a lenovo computer using your services and it came with the hard drive damage. I had to fix it twice in less than a year. The international waranty I paid doesn't work, they take more than a  month to fix it and they make you do everything. My experience with lenovo have been terrible, it's not a quality device.

This is bad. Troll i actually didn't buy it I just put a terrible rating for fun teehee tehee teehee trolled

****Edit.  Down to one star.  Battery won't charge over 88% and just stops charging....saying 'plugged in not charging'.  At 88% it said I had three hours, got on the plane and it died in 35 minutes.  Oh and Windows 8 still is all bad.So  I will start with the negative.  I got this notebook this past weekend for a trip to Chicago for work.  I usually lug around a 15lb Dell laptop and just didn't want to this time.  The battery barely makes it three (3) hours, I actually chatted with Asus support yesterday and they confirmed that is normal.  Yet it says 5 hours in the description.  I am going to return it when I get home and try the ASUS VivoBook X202E-DH31T 11.6-Inch Touch Laptop.I can also hear the hard drive at times like it's working really hard to just browse the web.Dislike Windows 8, but that has nothing to do with the notebook.Positives:Screen is great when I watched a movie, very clear.  A little glare.Touchscreen is nice too, very responsive.Keyboard takes some getting used to so small, but once used to the size it's good.So much nicer to carry for work than my giant Dell

This thing will not even play basic video without crashing and distorting. Just terrible. This thing will not even do what my iPhone can do perfectly. Avoid this at all costs.

The computer is a great size and the screen looked great but it crashed beyond repair within two weeks of being used. We tried to install Microsoft office and the entire computer went down beyond repair! We returned it and will not be buying this brand again. Amazon was great in facilitating the return process.

It was a L850 sattelite, custom made. I had to wait for a month directly from Toshiba! I opened it, the display was cracked ( the liquid was visible and going around and behind the screen,)Then I sent it back another month passed by... they sent me a supposedly a new one! In two weeks, my keyboard keys mulfunctioned, this time! I sent it back, ( By the way, every time you send it back, you have to pay shipping!) No mercy, from Toshiba on that!! Even you have a guareentee! Second time when I received the laptop back, I got all numbers of keyboard mulfunctioned again! So, I send it back, paid the shipping..3 rd time!!! Now, hardware failure message is coming up on the screen! So, I am tired of this and I really wanted to get Asus or Samsung to begin with! Since Toshiba has a great and reliable name I decided to order it, from Toshiba.Please and please buy any other brand but Toshiba!! You will be better off!!!

The laptop froze the first time I used it.  I have not even figured out how to turn off the laptop after 2 weeks. Today, the mouse stopped working. I gave up.  It is a junk of a laptop.  Hard to get around and find what you want or need. I am very disappointed in my parchase.

Every laptop I've had in the past ,comes with a product key for the trial Microsoft Office, I purchased this one (and another under a different account) and both are missing this vital piece of information. This makes me think these computers are suspect and do not have genuine Microsoft software loaded on them, which as you know, voids all warranties and for the $800 I spent on both of these I should have authenticity. Am I mistaken?

Please do not buy laptop. It would not turn on. Charge light comes on, keyboard lights up but the screen remains white. Very frustrated needed it for school on Monday, now I have to go to library ............

The laptop broken, after slight fall, I wrote to seller several messages, I wanted to buy the park, which is broken, but they are ignoring my messages. Laptop broken in 5 month, I think it is not good quality laptop,` and also seller is not interested to solve this problem.

The product after using for 6 months has the hinges coming off. Sent the laptop to Sony to repair since it is still under warranty. They have refused to repair for free.It is not a good product despite paying a premium price. Sony customer service also is not good.I would in future go for competitor's laptops.

I recently return the one that I get. Is the worst laptop I had ever get . The hard disk was defective, the touchscreen doesn't work fine and turn off frecuently without any cause. Don't buy this junk.

The Wifi connection is bad. The connection drops by itself. It seems there is a problem in this version specifically because the first delivery I got from Amazon had a wifi problem. Then I replaced it with a new one and it again had the same problem

I owned my new unit for about two months when I noticed a flaw/slice in the metal where the ports are located.  I called customer service and was told to bring the VAIO to any UPS store so it could be sent in for repair.  I packed the VAIO in its original packaging.  As it was so new and in otherwise pristine condition, I was expecting SONY would replace this flawed laptop with a new one.  Instead, the VAIO came back with NEW damage in the form of scraped paint, marred finish and scratches.  Obviously, it was repaired with a used, damaged piece and no quality control check was done before it was sent back to me.  I had to send it back again for fresh repairs to damage that SONY caused.  SONY had discarded my original packaging materials and refused to supply a new, replacement box, keyboard guard or foam sleeve. Without the original packaging, I now won't get as high a price when I sell it on E-Bay. I was not given clear instructions from SONY customer service about how to send the unit back other than to take it to any UPS store.  I had to initiate all contact with the company regarding this matter. SONY no longer offers superior customer service.  You would be wise to select another brand.  I wish I had.

The WiFi only has one or two bars at most even when my other laptops are able to connect with full service. I called support and they were unable to resolve the issue even after downloading the new WLAN driviers. I just decided to return this to Amazon.

Good keyboard. A bit heavy, unexceptional battery run time, Worst feature: Screen brightness does not work in Windows 8. It can be made to work ONCE only when installed. Vaio used to be a mark of quality. It is now meaningless.

Sony Vaio is a Crap,i lost all my money on this crap,too much money just to get the worst service ever.Sony is not responsible, and they don't support their products.

these people sold me a totally defective machine, there was no operating system, hard drive and optical drive were defective after spending $800 dollars for a machine that was advertised to be in good working condition.

I BOUGHT MY MAC BECAUSE A FRIEND ADVISED ME TO "GET ONE AND I'LL NEVER HAVE TO BUY ANOTHER LAPTOP FOR YEARS". THIS MAYBE TRUE ABOUT APPLE MAC BUT MACBOOKS FROM SOCALDEALS ARE FRAUD!!! FIRST THING HAPPEN THE DARN TRACKPAD WAS DEFAULT (IMAGE HAVING A TRUE GHOST IN UR MACHINE) SO IT MOVED AND MADE CHANGES TO MACBOOK WITHOUT MY INTENTIONS!!!!! AFTER DECOVERING OTHER DISLIKES ABOUT MY PURCHASE I CONTACTED SOCALDEALS BEFORE 90 WINDOW  FOR RETURN THEN WAS TOLD BY SOCAL REP TO HOLD OFF RETURN UNTIL I RETURN STATESIDE AND THAT THEY'LL FIT ONCE I GET HOME. I'M MILITARY IN AFGHANISTAN SO I HAD TO WAIT FOR LEAVE BEFORE I COULD GET HOME AND GET IT FITS!!!! WHEN IT WAS TIME ONCE I GOT HOME BAM! "YOU'VE WENT PASSED THE WARRENTY ALLOWED, YOU'LL HAVE TO RETURN PRODUCT AND LOSE 25% RESTOCK FEE. I ENDED UP PAYING FOR REPAIRS MYSELF PLUS CONTINUE TO FIND MORE AND MORE THINGS WRONG WITH THIS LAPTOP! DO URSELF A FAVOR AND DON'T BUY REFURBISHED MAC LAPTOPS FROM SOCALDEALS!!!!!!  SCAM/SCAM/SCAM/SCAM/SCAM.....

I decided it was time to replace my 4 year old Macbook Pro 15" for a snazzy new unibody 15" Macbook Pro.Spent alot of time at the Apple store checking them out (ultimately a bad environment for this!) before I decided on a new 15" - then ordered it from Amazon.Of all things I never thought it would be the design of an Apple that would make me return it.Once i got it home and started using it I noticed that the lower top front aluminum edges of the keyboard part of the machine where you rest your hands are pretty sharp and have no give - feels like a hardened machined car part.  It wasnt long before i noticed my lower palm start to hurt like i was pressing against a dull knife.  Full disclosure - i have big hands (not huge) so the positioning just didnt work for me, though others may have no problem with it.In addition I asked my wife to try it just to make sure i wasnt making too much of it.  When she went to put her hands down operate the track pad she was lightly stabbed (no blood or anything) on the small corners of the indent where you lift the lid.  Its that sharp!!!Add to that the glossy screen which REALLY REFLECTS outside lighting/shadows and I new it I couldn't keep it (not for $1800 purchase price!!!)Its a real bummer as all the new Apple models except the low end white one have the same issues - Im not a PC guy anymore so Im not sure what I'm going to buy now.  Hackintosh anyone???Bummed.

I have both PC's and Macs.  I have always loved my mac's.  But buying this laptop was a mistake.  I would like to think it was just one lemon, but my daughter bought one about a year ago and it has been taken in for service a couple times and it makes horrible noises that the apple repair person can't seem to hear.  My MacBook Pro is just falling apart.  It has never worked right always freezing up, way to hot and battery's going bad.  The beautiful exterior is coming off.  I don't know what happened to apple.  My daughter had a 13" apple laptop that was great for years.  We had a couple imac's over the years with no problems.  I am now looking for a desktop and would like to trust Apple products but for the $$$ I am going to go PC.  My husband and other daughter both have HP laptops and they are so much better in every way (like they work) than the MacBook Pro.  I was alway's backing Apple when it came to what computers to buy in our family, sorry to say there will be no arguement from me.

I'm a PC guy, I've owned PC for 20 years and done professional support on them for over a decade and I've never seen service as I've seen with the Macbook Pro 15"The Machine itself is sleek and pretty, the display looks nice and it has a comfortable fit to it.  The processor etc seems to do what needs to be done and does it well.  It is however twice the price of a compatible PC.That in itself wouldn't be much of a problem.  Until there was a problem.My son wanted a Mac, as his first machine, since he was paying for it we checked out Macs and bought this model, he was very pleased with it until he opened up the casing yesterday and the display looked like the a squashed spider from a Garfield cartoon.I drove the hour to the apple store and am currently sitting in it.  I talked to a manager named Lloyd and a "genius" named Henry and they informed me that the damage was our responsibility and that repairs would cost $1100.  That is 70% of the cost of the machine and that price alone is more expensive than a compatible Windows 7 machine.I have been involved in customer service for a lot of years and I've never seen anything so short sighted in my life, my son will be purchasing a lot of machines over the next 40 years, I'll be purchasing several myself and have another son who will be going to college in a couple of years.  As a technical support person I am called to recommend machines and companies.  The willingness to discard customers once the money is in hand is beyond anything I've ever seen in my life.I'm afraid that slick media and good actors selling a product is no replacement for actual customer service.You couldn't get me to buy an apple now with a federal bailout.  And you shouldn't either!

Here I ordered the item as advertised with Snow Leopard, and it arrives with the OLD operating system. I feel cheated and there is no way to get it back to Amazon from South Africa AT THERE COST. I've paid for the item, and Amazon makes a HUGE error.

like any other computer you could run, be it osx, windows, linux, what have you...this computer will allow you to surf the web and read email (lets face it, thats all you use it for). the difference is this beast will cook your lap. i've never had a laptop (even other apple laptops) that generated so much heat. a laptop cooler is required if you buy this computer. furthermore the combo trackpad/mouse button is an utter disaster. i don't know anyone who really likes it.

You're paying for the brand name if you get this laptop. Take a look at this laptop for around 600-700 bucks only.HP Pavilion dv7 6c95dx Intel CoreThis laptop is the one I have. Now look at the specs. You get longer battery life, a second generation core i7 performing just as good as this laptop, ram just as good as this laptop, an optical drive,and tons of ports and functionality for what.. 700 bucks! There's only a good graphics card in this Razer laptop, but Razer is telling you that a GTX 660M is worth $1800. No way! By the way, this laptop is just as heavy as the laptop I'm using right now. It is NOT light. One more thing, if you think thickness is very important, let me try to convince you otherwise. This laptop I'm using is maybe .25 of an inch thick, but what's wrong with that? You can't fit a whole textbook in .25 in. You can probably fit a very slim folder, but that's it. Look at the weight; it's still going to be bulky.If you want a good gaming laptop, look for Alienware. The 14 inch performs just as good. Everything is the same, except for its thickness. As I said earlier, what's so good about having something a little less thick? Not very much... (I didn't research but the Alienware is probably around .75 in. more thick, which is a space where you can't fit much.PS: If you hate Alienware, don't say that here, since you should hate Razer even more for super-expensive laptops that do not perform very well.. Just saying that to any Alienware haters looking at this Razer page. I admit that a cheap gaming desktop can be easily made, but this is chat about a gaming laptop. Also, keep in mind that I did not buy this product. This is just my opinion of this laptop when I saw this outrageous price. Buy it if you want, but if you want a decent laptop, take a look at the link above, or visit Alienware for a good gaming laptop.

I recieved my laptop and after five minutes from turning it on it had a blue screen and it's very slow and it takes ten minutes to get iTunes to come on. I am very disappointed with the condition of this product. None of this was mentioned n the description. I have to take the laptop somewhere to get it up to speed

I have this a low rating because I bought this computer and had it for about a week... it made a lot off noise and ran very hot.. later ib found out that it had a bad mother borded and my whole computer chased.. I lost everything I had saved to it'd pictures, school work everything .. and it was costly to get it fixed...

I just bought this device a few days ago...The tablet mode is so not working!...and the seller did not input this in the product description!...I am so disappointed with this issue!...I tried flickering and pointing the stylus pen it came with it and nothing is working!...How can amazon sell something that is not fully functional?!...I thought that amazon had to test and verify items before selling them online?...wow, what a joke this turned out to be!!!!...I don't know if its the stylus pen or the screen that is not functioning properly.  But all i know is that this just came in the mail and i was so excited to see it, but once i tried using it the tablet mode is so broken and not working at all!!!!!...at all!!!  Shame on them sellers trying to rip-off customers for their money!...

The lap works fine, only problem in the features it claimed to be back lit, it is NOT BACK LIT! Had I known that I would not have purchased this model!

don't buy this product!I purchased this laptop Friday after Thanksgiving.... seemed like a good laptop, i5 etc. However - it is SLOWER than my husband's 3 year old laptop!Can't believe how slow it is... you sit there waiting an entire minute or minute+30 seconds for it to do something or for it to load a page on the internet - while my hubby's laptop zips along on our internet (yes, we have the premium faster internet) - and my Mac zips along as well.Wish I could return it.guess I will sell it somewhere - to someone who doesn't mind a bit of a slow machine.

I was excited to get this laptop, but had problems with it from the beginning. The battery stopped working about two months after I bought it, and I had to send it in for repairs. Even though it was only a problem with the battery, HP erased my whole hard drive. Several months later my laptop started turning off without warning. HP suggested I reseat the memory, and the cheap plastic piece holding the memory snapped off when I moved them. This didn't resolve the problem, as my computer got progressively worse and eventually wouldn't even start. HP wouldn't cover the repairs, because I didn't have the "right" warranty. When I sent it in anyway, they told me the motherboard and hard drive needed to be replaced. Knowing the hard drive was fine, I didn't have them repair it, though they still want to charge me for their incorrect diagnosis. Another company repaired it by flashing the bios. Nothing was wrong with the hard drive. Several months after that I'm again having problems with my laptop turning off when I touch it in certain places and the graphics card isn't working correctly. Also, hp has told me I owe them several hundred dollars for repairs they haven't completed. I've had this laptop less than a year.

When I first got this laptop two years ago, I was very excited. It has a very attractive, sleek metal look to it, had great reviews, and was a great size screen. I installed two of the best anti-virus software approved by all my computer programmer and IT friends. It ran great for the first year and I was very happy. After about a year, my computer would randomly crash. My friend was a software engineer at HP so he looked at it and fixed it for me. Within a matter of weeks it was back to shutting down my programs. I figured out that if I powered the computer off and back on again it worked fine. Also, I would be typing emails and it would randomly not let me use specific keyboard functions. The keys didn't seem to be sticking, but then again you never know.Lastly, the battery completely stopped functioning last month (almost two years after I bought it). There really wasn't any warning. It just stopped holding charge even though I had it plugged in for hours. I'm not an expert on PC's but I try to take care of my computers. I never had this much trouble with a PC before. It's rather frustrating. I don't believe I'll ever buy another HP computer and I don't recommend this one.

I have had this laptop for a while now an i am to say, not very impressed. To start off, it comes with a TON of crap-ware. If you try and uninstall it disables all of the functionality for the hot-keys. The HDD is supposed to be 320GB (Usually formatted to about 300) but I was only able to use about 250. Great for a tweenager for there first laptop. But not for somebody that wants to be able to play at best browser games.Pros:Windows 8Matte FinishKeyboardCons:1.3ghz Proccesor (I have tablets that go faster than this)4GB RAM (Ok for mainstreem users)Hard Drive.3 mp Webcam

windows 8 is not a good program, 7 was better. The computer freezes on line a lot. If you watch a DVD without an external hard drive be ready to hear a lot of noise. I definitely wouldn't recommend this computer.

I haven't even had this laptop for a year an the screen is coming off the hinges. It's never been dropped or anything. I'm so disappointed though. I bought this because I'm in an online school an now I have to buy another one? I can understand if a laptop is 100 or so but really? I suppose I just ended up with a bad one.

Windows eight is  horrible, the computer  is slow,just haven't been happy with it! Wish I would have returned it! Going to donate the dumb thing and stick with apples iPad or Mac pro

WINDOWS 8 IS TOO HARD TO WORK WITH, I AM NOT SURE IF IT IS THE USER OR THE SYSTEM.

I don't care for the operating system. you cannot scoll down the page by the left side of the mouse pad. you have to actually click and scroll down the page. It wont let me back up my cell phone, or my memory cards, or my SD cards. << very inconvenient and frustrating. its lightweight and looks nice.

very poor quality..not made very well.  do not like windows 8 at all.  was shipped good and really appreciate that.

Windows 8 sucks beyond what mere words can describe, but using Classic Shell at least make this computer usable. If you can load W7, this I might recommend this machine.

I expect a laptop to be slow after a year or so but not when it is new. This is so much slower then the two year old laptop I replaced with this. The mouse touchpad is so sensitive it goes to another page every time I try to use the touchpad. The only reason I gave it two stars and not one is you can only expect so much from a laptop in this price range.

This laptop has two partitions that you cannot remove if you ever wish to restore your PC. The total amount held by the partitions is around 10GB, if something happens to these partitions you will not be able to install Office that comes with the PC, or worse restore your PC. If your HD goes bad you will have to pay Toshiba for your install, even if you have a Win 7 Home install CD Toshiba blocks the Key unless it is installed from their media. It drives me nuts that you buy a laptop, and then have to jump through Toshiba's hoops to keep using it as expected.Also the performance in high resource usage apps is terrible, far worse then a computer with these specs should be. Web surfing and Office work fine, but anything that puts a consistent load on it like photo-shop, or games with requirements well below what this laptop has causes this PC to sputter and heat up like an oven.  It must be a cooling issue, or cheap architecture, PC review sites have noted this issue as well. Don't say "Well this a laptop, not a gaming PC", the whole point of the upgraded AMD Vision is for 3d acceleration, but it's pretty much unusable and only adds an insane amount of heat.

After owning several problem-free Compaq and Dell laptops over the past 15 years, I made the mistake of buying my first Toshiba, a Satellite L675D. I admit that I was enthralled by the 17" display.  Big mistake. HUGE MISTAKE.  Less than four months after purchase, my wife opened the laptop one evening and the screen showed a crack in the upper right corner.  I sent the laptop to the Toshiba repair depot and they claim she accidently damaged it and they want $325 to repair it.  BTW, the entire system only cost $530 brand new.  According to Toshiba Customer Relations (and I quote) the "accident was caused by opening the case too hard".  I asked how that was even possible. Seriously, how do you open a laptop too hard? Toshiba said (and I quote), "you could have pulled too hard". If anyone from Toshiba is reading this, refer to T1-1174583 case # 110 331 001 320.  I swear these are exact quotes.  I currently own several Toshiba products, but after this experience I will never purchase another Toshiba product of any type in my lifetime. And now whenever I see someone even looking at a Toshiba laptop in Best Buy, HHGreg, WalMart, etc, I will warn them not to even consider Toshiba. Stick with manufacturers who stand behind their products. Toshiba is not one of them.

Defective screen, if it was accurately tested and verified before shipping... i would not have a delay with enjoying my laptop.

I purchased this laptop thinking that this would be a good deal for the price as I didn't want to use it for much more than browsing the web and playing 1 facebook game. I got this computer and started it up and did all the necessary stuff I needed too. I hardly put anything on the computer except a few songs and pictures but nothing other than that. So I go to play my facebook game and it is just running sooooo slow. I even had the thing freeze on me and had to end the task via task manager. I also noticed that my cpu usage is at 60% and my memory usage is around 56% and I had nothing running but task manager. I did everything without removing important stuff and I still can't get it to not freeze when I play a single facebook game. My old laptop is 6 years old, and it runs 10xs faster(ABSOLUTELY no lie). It's definitely defective and I am sending it back immediately. This product doesn't work at all for ANYTHING other than surfing the web, and depending on where you go, it's slow too. Just wish there was a decent performing laptop I could get that didn't fail on me all the time. Good riddance!!

The laptop has worked well for me, but has has a design flaw in the hinges.  The monitor hinge has failed 2 times and I have had to wait 1 month each time while the unit was at HP for repair.  The third time the piece of plastic that the base of the hinge attaches to separated from the rest of the computer.  The hinge does not directly connect into the chassis, but is connected only to a 2"X2" piece of plastic that is held in place only by plastic tabs.  HP offers no option but at third repair trip.I would return this unit if possible because of the hinge issue.

Purchased the product in Singapore less then a year ago and the left hinge has cracked on the inside causing the LCD screen casing to unhinge from the rest of the unit. The unit was in-warranty and multiple calls to HP support in the U.S. led to nowhere and culminated in HP refusing to provide any remediation other than my having to ship the unit to HP,Singapore. This unit supposedly comes with an international warranty with global coverage.Definitely not the quality and support I expected from HP after relatively positive experiences with other HP products(printers, calculators). Not sure if I want to be a customer of their products after this experience.

I've had mine for a year now and use it mainly with a thumb drive that keeps all of my files and information.  There is plenty of memory left on the hard drive.  After a day of use, however,  I usually have to shut it down or it is lagging terribly.  I use it mainly for surfing the internet and Word documents, so nothing that should make a computer lag to this extent.

Laptop upon setup displayed the following error: HP SETUP NOT RESPONDING....  I have no time nor desire to deal with a DOA product from HP.

I was really excited to buy this laptop because I needed a small laptop to bring to lectures.  The size is perfect, however, the performance of this laptop was VERY slow and laggy!  I was also surprised at how much it overheated.  Needless to say, I was not very impressed with this laptop and it will be returned.

My wife and I have two HP DM1 computers. They were very good when they were new. We liked how small and light and easy to pack they were. Unfortunately, by the time they were a year old, they were so slow that they were unusable. I suspect that they were overheating but cooling pads did not help much. Anyway, I don't recommend these computers. You pay extra for their small size and they have just enough capacity when they are brand new. When they get a little older they don't have enough capacity.

SUCK!!! I bought this from Fry's BRAND NEW and have had it for a week. I gave it a chance but it still runs terribly slow. I needed this laptop to do my college work but it can't even handle that. Having two tabs open kills the speed incredibly. I've tried Chrome, Firefox, and Internet Explorer they all run about the same (Chrome being the slowest). Windows 8 sucks, we all know that. The only thing good about it is maybe the keyboard. The trackpad doesn't even have a scroll up and down option. DO NOT BUY INVEST IN SOMETHING BETTER!!!

Windows 8 is a horrible operating system designed for touch screens! I don't know how well it works on touch screens but it doesn't work here. The 8.1 made it a little bit more user friendly but.. I don't know if it's windows or the sensitivity of this mouse pad but unwanted windows keep popping up everywhere even after I turned off the corners.I constantly have to go to task manager just to get things turned off completely. Why? Why? Why? I choose this because I'm mainly looking for something to write with and heard the keyboards on the Lenovo are the best. Think again. First off the edges are so sharp it scrapes against your wrists or forearms depending on whether your typing on the couch, in bed, or at a desk. The quality of the camera and audio for 2014 is ridiculous even compared to my 9 year old HP and not even worthy of record a simple song which is the only other thing I like to use my lap top for. Beleive me my iphone 4 does a better job at that and my HP was beautiful.. To top it off, today number keys 5 & 6 (yes I'm typing this from my iMac) Quit working all together. Number Pad and Numbers across the top. It's a complete waste of money. if Amazon took stuff back for dissatisfaction I would return it in an instant. As it is I'm sure I'll need something to replace it within six months. Horrible. Worst purchase ever!

This laptop had very little wear. I would take it from my home to a coffee shop every once in a while. But after about 60 days of having this laptop, the screen goes blank. It's still backlit so I know its not broken but after the start-up screen, it just goes to black. I could boot it into safe mode and get to the desk top, so I knew it must of been a driver. Because it was fairly new and I didn't have any extremely important files on it, I booted it into safe mode and did a system wipe to get it back to the way it was out of the box. But on start up it gets stuck in a loop saying that it needs to install windows. (It didn't come with a Windows 8 CD) So I call Lenovo and they say to use the One-touch Recovery System.  I did that and now the laptop boots up. But it would be a lie to say it's "working"  because nothing works. It's unbelievably slow.  I'll click a button and nothing will happen to 5 minutes.  Any program that I do get to work  will give me a "Not responding" message after after about 2 minutes. Its worthless.  Here's the thing. I do freelance video work in and I used this laptop to visit clients and pick up files off their external hard drives (that fact that it has USB 3.0 plugs is one of the reasons I bought it)  It was nice because they would bring their hard drive, I would get the files and then we could review them on the laptop. I would take the files home and transfer them to one of my hard drives. But now I can't do that. And I actually lost a bid because the person said they only had a hard drive and I would need a laptop to pic up the files. I could just get another one but $300 is huge to somebody just starting out.The whole situation is unbelievably frustrating. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this laptop. I bought it because I had always hear good things from Lenovo and I thought it was a good deal. It's not. You can spend an extra $50 a get a better computer.  I get asked a lot about technology from friends and family and I can honestly say that I will never recommend a Lenovo product to anybody. Ever.

This computer was bought for my daughter. It took 20 minutes to load a web page or any other function. It had trouble recognizing Wi-Fi signals. Kept bouncing to different screens between desktop, Windows 8 screen, and whatever she was trying to work on.I returned this computer and got her an HP!

This was a good buy for the money, computer met all of my expectations.  I really liked the keyboard with the number keys on the side.

I bought 2 of these laptops for my children for Christmas. They have horrible performance. They are slow and you can forget reliable streaming.  The streaming is useless even when an entire video is buffered. I thought I was getting a deal but boy was I wrong!

Wifi drops all the time and has to be reset....No fix can be found, check out the forums before you buy from Lenovo Tons of models have the same problem :(

Everything about this laptop is pretty awesome for the price.The keyboard, speed, touchpad, form factor are all great.  If you like Chromebooks, you know what to expect there so I wont get into that.  But the display....UGH.  I have this and the Acer C720. THAT chromebook doesn't have the best display but it is much better than the one on the Chromebook 14.  The screen is super glarey, and has  a coating on it that makes it look washed out and dirty.I am not super picky about displays but this one literally hurts my eyes.  Its too bad, everything else about it is spot on.

I got this "computer" because I use Google apps a lot, have android phone and use Google drive as well as have web hosting with Google. The one thing it does well is browsing. The battery life is great. As for the rest, I would only use this computer for airplane use (as long as there is wifi in the plane...), other than that even the cheapest computer out there is more practical.Bought a wireless Samsung printer and it turns out that it is impossible to install if you don't have a regular computer. This is a newer printer, not even a year old, yet there is no way to install it because the Chromebook can't communicate with the printer. Wouldn't recommend buying this computer if you want to be connecting to various types of printers at different locations, it would be a nightmare.

The laptop is quite nice and attractive but GoogleChrome is not very good. I believe it is under devolpment and its far far away from Windows.

I purchased this unit as a test for company wide deployment for the medical office I am the IT administrator of.It was properly charged and deployed to a doctor who uses it on a daily basis and charges it when needed. the first two weeks were fine but then all of a sudden the unit crashed and would not reboot. I went to the troubleshooting for the unit and found nothing that fit the issue we had but I looked online and found others with this issue and sometimes you can reboot the unit by holding the start button for 1 minuet which I did  and the unit came back to life.I hope this is not indicative of things to come as I ordered more of these units and they just arrived the same day as this incident happened.Guess we shall see.

PAIN CAUSING FLAW (at least in mine):I love my new Chromebook... as long as I have internet WiFi connectivity, this thing is awesome.... there is some functionality even offline, but, let's face it, embrace the cloud when you hop onto this thing.  Doable, but absolute.However, I'm about to box it up and ship it back because both my children have been painfully shocked when accidentally bridging the USB ports on the left side....It's enough to make me scream, too... this is a bad flaw, guys.... should have that metal set in from the edge...I cannot find anywhere on the HP site to report this.... which is by design, but I think this is a deal breaker that needs to be communicated... somewhere.So my choice is to put an ugly hunk of tape on my brand new Chromebook... or send it back.... so bummed.UPDATE: I had posted on an HP forum to see if anyone else had an issue with theirs, just to see if I had gotten an oddball, and HP support emailed me, and within 24 hours offered for me to send it to them to look at.  So, to be fair, I am being sent a box to put the chromebook that I bought in and send to HP, for an indeterminate amount of time, for them to determine if it's the unit or the power adapter...  So now, I have to decide if the shocks are worse than shipping my laptop off and have nothing to use...

Everything about this laptop is pretty awesome for the price.The keyboard, speed, touchpad, form factor are all great.  If you like Chromebooks, you know what to expect there so I wont get into that.  But the display....UGH.  I have this and the Acer C720. THAT chromebook doesn't have the best display but it is much better than the one on the Chromebook 14.  The screen is super glarey, and has  a coating on it that makes it look washed out and dirty.I am not super picky about displays but this one literally hurts my eyes.  Its too bad, everything else about it is spot on.

Just wanted to use this for searching the web and storing photos. What a disaster. This loads the internet slowly, and storing and sharing photos is just frightening hard. You have to use Google store for apps and the selection is poor. Steer clear of this computer if you are used to a simple, fast machine--you will be greatly disappointed.

The most impressive feature of my machine is it's remarkable "hang time" waiting for the system to respond.  Just clicking in the search box to type something in may take a full minute to even get a cursor.  Then it's a few letters at a time.  Ironically, this is the most I have been able to type on this machine without a wait.  The Chrome hangs and crashes over and over.  I can't even use it efficiently to read Facebook as it hangs when i try to scroll the page.  Trying to work between sites like Facebook to Pinterest to Twitter is the stuff nightmares are made of.  Searched online for ways to speed it up.  Even reset it to factory defaults.  Can't load anything on it, so it's not a power-sucking app somewhere.  How can I get rid of this thing?

I thought, how hard could it be to figure out a new OS?  Guess it depends on the OS.  Google Chrome is painful.  The color is great - LOVE it actually - but the computer will go back.

It seemed a nice enough device.  The screen color was excellent.  The touch pad seemed to require hard taps, at times, to get it to work.  (There is no adjustment per HP.)  All work has to be done in the cloud, you cannot even save work to the machine.  (Again, per HP.)  So the device did not suit my needs.As big a problem, at least for me, is that the device--I assume all chromebooks--required establishing an account with Google (gmail, etc.).  I had to log-in to that account every time I wanted to fully utilize the device.  (There is a "guest" option but it limits use even more.)  I did not want to pay for the privilege of having Google track every move I make.I returned the device.

I bought this for xmas for my son who is going off to college and it worked for a couple of months and then the speakers stopped working. I cannot return it either. Not worth the money if it is going to start having issues after a couple of months.

VPNs that are not currently supported.SSL VPN solutionsAny VPN implementation other than L2TP over IPsec or OpenVPNMy android, windows and ipad devices all vpn in fine, it is PPTP type with PPP encryption (MPPE)... when will the chrome OS be compatible?ALSO when will google products like Picassa be compatible?I'm thinking of returning the chromebook that isn't supported, YET. will these things be supported soon?I asked the chrome ninjas and was told:Hello Risha,Thanks for getting back to me. At this time were not able to comment on products or features that aren't currently on the Chrome Web Store or aren't currently supported by Chromebook. I apologize for the inconvenience. Please let me know if I can assist you further.Regards,RandalThe Chrome Ninja Team

I was at BestBuy and saw it.  I tried it and liked it.  Since BestBuy was out of stock.  I bought through Amazon.  First of all, it was supposedly a prime shipping that I should receive it in two days since it was available.  NO! it took more than 1 week to arrive.  After it arrived, I was anxious to use it.  It was not too difficult to get is online to use. Since I intended to use it during my business trip, I wanted to install Skype.  NOOOO... Google will not work with Microsoft to allow Skype to be installed on Google's Chromebook 14.  I returned this machine.  The return process from Amazon was smooth and friendly.  But the company did not process refund until I wrote a comment and gave the receiver's name and time to receive.  After this email, I got an email to tell me that their refund process allow certain numbers of days to process the paperwork.  But, fortunately, I did receive the refund a day later.

The unit I received has no SIM card slot! Misleading images on the webpage! Waste of my time in waiting and returning this order! That's the main reason I got this model in the first place!

I was really excited about getting a new computer. I loved the color and the style of the chromebook. Something I did not do before I purchased it, I did not read the reviews. Seemingly, I should have read more into the product. Everything is ran off of internet. EVERYTHING. There is no microsoft windows or anything. When I realized everything ran on internet, I did not like that fact. There is no actually storage, it's all cloud storage which doesn't seem that safe to me. If you were a college student on campus and used a lot of internet or had constant access, it would be great. But I don't have internet all the time.

We bought this for 15 year old grand daughter. Operating system was difficult to understand. Wouldn't keep charge. We returned it.

Google.  If you have any other search engine forget it.  They have this set so it was impossible for me to operate with yahoo.

It's not user friendly.  No office programs can be run on it, and Google docs and all those programs are no where close to being as good as Microsoft office.  There isn't a start menu and nothing can be saved to the desktop.  Photos are uploaded to a Google+ account and not even saved to the computer itself.  You can't use iTunes.  The only positive is probably the battery life.  If you need to do anything on a computer besides browse the internet then I would say don't buy it unless Google decides to allow Microsoft Office programs to run on its system.

I read the customer reviews on this laptop and thought it would be perfect for my daughter.  She is a college student and the reviews said that it would be good for a student.  Let me start off by saying that I know very little about computers. I thought all computers had Windows. This laptop does not have Windows. So she could not write a paper and then email it to the professor. How could he/she pull it up? Its program is not compatible with Windows which is what most people have. She also couldn't store her itunes music on her laptop.  Itunes is also not compatible with this computer.  So we had to return it. This laptop was not for us!HOWEVER! Let me tell you how AWESOME Amazon was at handling my refund & return. The customer service person was understanding and helpful. She refunded the money right away and then emailed me a return slip.  I took the package to UPS and they returned it for FREE! I received an email letting me know that they had refunded my money and that they had received the package.  I love that Amazon has awesome customer service and I WILL keep shopping with them!

I am a very knowlegable computer user. This computer is by far the worst purchase I have ever made. It very confusing, in many ways. For example, it took me an hour to figure out how to get help in finding the "cap' on/off button. You actually have to go into settings, and change one of your shift keys in order to make it act as your capital key. Honestly, the most simplistic things "everyone" knows how to use, has been made unfathomably difficult. I still can not get the volume to work other then with head phones. This is absolutely the most frustrating computer I have ever owned. I cannot wait to send it back tomorrow. I have spent days trying to figure things out. Please don't purchase, it looks cute but it is a horrible purchase, and not worth even the cheapest of price.

DON"T GET THIS!! i got this and it exploded and it summoned the purple cows from Jupiter!! I want my money back!!

another bad android product that is constanly pushing more and more google products down your throat. good luck trying to use this for anything useful. dont waste your money, just buy a laptop or pc

I recieved this with much anticipation.  I had done a lot of research and benchmark research.  This pc has the specs but not the performance.  I believe there to be an internal voltage problem.  Anytime this laptop is plugged in frame rates drop performance falls on its face and all cores clock down ( and yes energy management settings are proper.)  Yet when it is on just battery power it performs as it should.  I know this does not make any sense.  I have spent countless hours on the phone with lenovo. i continue to get bounced around and lots of time on remote desktop reinstalling drivers time and time again.  this has been an absolute nightmare with way to much time invested.  If i can not get this thing returned or repaired i will surely take a loss selling it and go back to samsung again, which by the way i have a series 3 with a6-3410mx and slower ram that benchmarks much lower but has the same frame rates in games.  and runs its advertised clocks.  If anyone else finds this problem or a way to remedy it let me know and i will change my review.  I recently purchased my first two lenovos and quite possibly my last,

I was actually really disappointed with this lap top even though I've tried to give it time to  get used to it. I was very excited to be getting a new computer as my old one was on it's way out. This one had so much better specs, but it's not nearly as good as my last laptop. It runs much slower and takes a lot longer to wake up. I'm not a fan of how the keys press down when typing and the scroll pad is way too wide so when I'm typing sometimes the side of my hand hits it and puts my cursor in a different place, screwing up what I was doing. And I try very hard to make sure no one eats around it and that my hands are clean when I use it, but the material it's made out of just collects any grease it possibly can from your skin, making it looks worn much quicker than it should. Just not very happy with it :/

I've owned this laptop for about six months for light computing purposes. This laptop is mainly used as a portable machine for school purposes such as Microsoft Word, Powerpoint, .pdf files, and so on. Nothing heavy.I did my research. This laptop was the best specification-wise compared to other laptops with similar specifications. I was impressed, and I wanted this laptop, so I bought it.This laptop comes with an AMD A10-5750M APU 2.50 GHz, 6.00 GB RAM, 64-bit Windows 8, AMD Radeon HD 8650 graphics, and 1 TB of storage.Not too shabby for the price range; however, this is not a high-quality laptop.Right out of the box, some of the keys on the keyboard are uneven, either low on one end or high on the other, which makes the key harder to press. Not to mention having uneven keys on a new laptop out of the box causing the emotional effect that you just bought something new that already has problems.Secondly, the screen borderlines on almost worthless. There was a review online that said the screen quality was the worst out of the bunch when compared to other laptops this price range; however, I ignored this thinking it wouldn't be that big of a deal since the price was so low. If you look closely enough, you can actually see the pixels. The screen actually looks fuzzy when you look close enough.Thirdly, the performance feels sub-par for a machine with this hardware in it. There were some other reviews on Amazon, before I even purchased this, that were saying the performance was low when they benchmarked it. I ignored those reviews because I simply did not believe them with a computer having these specifications on it. This computer does perform well for most computing tasks, but It is definitely not performing on a level that it should with this processor.Fourthly, there is a problem with sleep mode when the lid is closed. Sometimes the laptop goes into sleep mode, sometimes not. I called Lenovo twice, and they went through there 123rescue.com technical support and looked through my computer. All the power settings under the basic tab and advance tabs were correct. They were set for when the lid closes the laptop goes into sleep mode. They checked windows update, claiming that the laptop was updating, which the logs says it did not update. They checked the event log which nothing showed up. I checked the wireless card settings to make sure the box, "allow this device to wake the computer", which was not checked. This laptop had all the most recent driver updates from AMD and Lenovo's website including BIOS and Chipset updates. Honestly, if you were to just shut the computer off when you are done, then this would never be a problem; however, I feel that a computer should run properly without avoiding certain techniques.Fifthly, the case has a lot of flex to it. It feels cheap. If you are buying this laptop to carry around for school, work, or any portable uses, it is best to buy a laptop that is sturdy.Sixthly, the trackpad and the left and right click that comes with it is useless. The trackpad is rough and unresponsive. The right and left click are uneven making them unattractive and cheap looking. The right and left click is very loud making it a problem for other people in the library with me.In conclusion, I have always bought quality products such as ASUS or Sony. ASUS had a comparable laptop with an AMD A8 series-processor and was about 50 dollars more, so I turned my head to ASUS and bought this Lenovo. I made a terrible mistake. I sacrificed buying a quality brand for another brand that looked better on paper but ended up being what it is. Cheap.2.5 out of 5 Stars. Props for good specs and low price. Everything else is just cheap.

Not a great option to buy. Battery sucks. 4 core processor with dual graphics...!!! not worth it. gets restarted automatically.

This tablet/ laptop thing is horrible. I know a lot of my issues have to do with Windows 8 (which I also hate) but this thing constantly updates. If you turn it on, it updates. If you are working, it updates. You can be doing one task and then it will switch to something else and then you have to figure out how to get back to where you were. When using it as a tablet it is ok. However, the touch screen has to be constantly cleaned because it won't respond correctly with fingerprints. When the keyboard is attached (which I need to work) it is very top heavy. Don't think of letting it go because it will fall over. Even typing this now, I have to have pressure on the keyboard so it doesn't fall off my lap into the floor. So in all, I hate it. It might be good for a kid playing games but for my work, it is terrible. HP has been disappointing in the last year.

I am very familiar with laptops but this one was very hard to work with and navigate with.  It was not cooperative with switching from touch screen to key pad.  It seemed heavier than I thought it would be.

Very slow. Firefox and Explorer lagged after updates are installed. Even slower with McAfee loaded  Detachable feature is nice but tablet can't be charged without the base keyboard. 64GB hard drive is too small. I am still trying to figure out how to open the unit to upgrade RAM and hard drive.

This was not what I was looking for. No CD drive. No directions.I should have done more research, my fault.

Somehow painfully slow despite the specs being significantly higher than my last lap top. The touch screen is incredibly laggy and unresponsive, often actions must be repeated 2-4 times. The stylus is much better, but no picnic either. The fingerprint reader is a joke. The screen is encased in flimsy plastic, the whole thing feels cheap. Webcam is terrible. Computer will often get stuck when put to sleep, or closed. I have lost more work than I care to remember. It's also might ugly... I regret not sending the computer back immediately, don't know what I was thinking.

I had my sister bought this unit several months ago through Amazon, up to now it is still not working right.  The tablet is not working and I have been trying to get in touch with HP but they have not responded to date.  The unit is with me now in the Philippines and it seems its not going to function as a tablet but a regular PC.  Its also too slow for me.  I have had several computers and its supposed to be a back up for my Dell XPS.  I am still waiting for HP to reply to my queries.  Beware do not buy this computer specially if you are bringing it outside the US Mainland.  Its the lousiest computer I have ever used.

My spouse and I each bought one before Christmas.  We returned them after using them for a day.Being avid iPad users, we found the screen sensitivity horrible.  As an example, I'd click the start button with my finger three or four times before it actually opened it up.  My husband's computer was the same.The pen interface was really good; although it to would occasionally suffer from the lag as well.

I bought the 2008 and 2009 version of this laptop.  I've been forced to replace them after less than two years of use.  Very disappointed in their longevity.

I PURCHASED FOR A CHRISTMAS GIFT . DID MY HOME WORK ON ALL THE LAPTOPS I COULD FIND .. ALREADY HAD THE SAME EXACT LAPTOP FOR A YEAR ... ONLY PROBLEM WAS THAT THERE IS NO DVD DRIVE. RIPOFF

While the laptop looks great (aesthetics and awesome picture), a couple of design flaws make it tough to keep. The first problem is that the wrist rest area gets very hot; there doesn't seem to be any thermal insulation separating the surface and the CPU inside. Second, the wifi connection works intermittently. Never had this issue at home with my other computers. And I see from the Sony site that many others are experiencing this.

The worst laptop I ever owned.sent it back to Sony because it froze on me.Not to mention the 4 other times I called tech service on the phone for hours.My son had important docs. that he lost because the laptop had internal issues.I would not recommend this vio fit.

The laptop looked great and Windows 8 was okay once you get use to it however, the wifi never worked. Once connected to any router after a couple minutes it would stop working. This was tried on several different networks. After further research decided the Sony Vaio was not for me.

I bought an S431 from another Amazon vendor and it arrived with a defective 22GB SSD used for the Intel Rapid Storage Technology. An opened computer cannot be returned you must use the manufacturer's warranty process. A replacement chip was sent by Lenovo but it was not partitioned with the required "hibernation" partition needed for the Intel RST. Also, since the recovery disks are made from the data on this SSD drive from the factory I would not trust them to be accurate. I sent it to the Lenovo repair center, at least 3 techs looked at it (each time you call for information they "escalate the problem to engineering" which is doublespeak for it goes to another tech). It was sent back worse than when I gave it to them, both the HDD and SSD were partitioned much different than factory settings and nop "Hibernation" partition at all. They dodged the issue by running a complete automated hardware test and told me it is fixed. Their techs have no clue or ability on how to partition the SSD properly, I have no recovery disks, I don't have the machine I paid for.I will never touch a Lenovo product again.

Customers service is a crapI bought this laptop few months ago,and i think it was the worst decision that i had made in my life,the screen get cracked spontaneously, and Sony refused to repair it.they have the worst customer service.i am not gonna buy any Sony product again.

I read all the good reviews about the HP Probook 4525s and purchased one.  The Probook worked great for two hours and then became extremely hot and then shut down.  The laptop would not turn back on again.  I returned the Probook the same day that I received it.  I was certainly disappointed and perhaps it was just one lemon.  I do wonder if this is a common problem with this model.

I ordered this laptop for my dad, who kept it for a day or two and then gave it to me.The pros: This laptop, which I'm using right now, has a very nice, sleek look to it. The top appears to be a brushed metal. The keyboard is spacious and easy to use. It also includes the number pad which is a nice addition to newer laptops.The processor is fast and I like Windows 7 OS. It has a built in card reader which is nice for photographers such as myself to save photos onto the computer. Like some other newer notebooks, the fan is on the side instead of idiotically on the bottom like all my other laptops. The 15 inch screen is a good size. Maybe too big to lug around but nice for home use.The cons: This laptop seems to have a mind of its own. It just does random things all the time. It's very frustrating. You might be in the middle of something and the page will close because you brushed some button. Also, the touchpad is the worst I've ever encountered. It just doesn't have a good feel to it and it's irritating to use. I have a USB mouse I use all the time. And worst thing about this laptop: The charger stopped charging the battery after only a couple of months. I called HP and they sent out a new charger, which I knew wouldn't work and didn't. Something in the computer itself is causing the battery to not charge. The battery was tested and the charger powers the laptop so there ya go. HP was no help at all. I also had this issue with my last HP laptop, a DV1000.For reasons listed above, mainly the battery charging issue, I will never buy another HP product.

HP laptop build quality is very poor. I have had two dv-4 laptops (similar to this model) that have died due to related problems, after less than two years. The screen attachment mechanism is not strong, and fails after repeated use. My daughter's computer cracked at the hinge after only a year, and my son's laptop had the video disappear a few days ago, with similar looseness in the hinge area. The computers were bought for Christmas, 2009, less than two years ago. I can't speak for current DELL quality, but I have a 6-year-old Inspiron laptop that's still working fine, and a 7-year-old Latitude that is also still plugging away on Windows 2000 -- so HP has no excuse for such dismal performance. HP support offered me a $100 discount on a new laptop when I called, but I expect more than two years of life from these products, and won't be buying another laptop from them. Just some info for your consideration...  - Don

Anyone who buys an HP computer is making a serious mistake.  Having purchased several HP laptops that died within months of each other, I can testify that they are made of the lowest quality components, poorly assembled and poorly designed.  You will experience overheating, mechanical failure, and other defects.  The worst is that HP does not stand behind its products and treats its customers like the suckers that we apparently are by being fooled into buying their products.

Beware, why did the put the number key on the right side?? The left hand literally falls off the side of the laptop. Normal laptops have the numbers above the alpha keys. BUt why an additional set of keys on the right? IT causes the operator to type on the left side of the screen, reaching toward the left for the keys. Very awkward. Other than that it's a quiet, light machine with a big bright screen. I would not buy this if I tried it out at Best Buy.

I thougt the low price and the fact that it had Windows 7 made it worth the risk of buying. Never again.  With this computer, I have to be very careful when typing a message, even as I'm doing now, because the cursor jumps around to another spot in the message. And frequently, I mean very frequently, I had to troubleshoot to get it to connect to the internet when other wifi devices in the house worked just fine.  Annoying. Also no number keys pad, but I could have lived with that.  I rarely write negative reviews, but this was a very poor choice on my part.  I'm going to save up and get a good one next time.Update: The company has been very prompt in responding, and has said they would accept a return with a restocking fee (which is perfectly understandable since I'm sure they have to go into the computer to make sure you have deleted all your personal stuff, etc.).  So the company seems wonderful, but not this particular laptop.

My first laptop ever was a Dell Inspiron, sort of small silver one with several good features, including a DVD drive, for a reasonable price at Wal-Mart. That was four years ago. Apparently, their standard of quality has gone down since then. I ordered it for sentimental reasons, because I had a lot of good memories with that other computer.This one was okay, but it was kind of bulky to carry around, while the other was just big enough for good graphics and to hold a DVD/CD drive but fit comfortably in a backpack. The mousepad, like with most laptops I've used recently, has so many weird features that often you'll use them by a slight wrong twitch of the base of your thumb - sometimes deleting huge chunks of text while writing something important. Of course it has Windows 7, but it's not like Dell can help that . . . Microsoft just put out a really crappy replacement for Windows XP. (XP was great.) And most people love Windows, so . . . I don't fault the company for that.Something was wrong with this computer though. After just about a week and a half, it started shutting down unexpectedly. This happened more and more until it wouldn't stay on for any length of time. I soon realized it was overheating, even when I had it on cool surfaces. I ran diagnostic tests that showed the cooling fan was not operating at all when it was supposed to. Then, when not running tests, sometimes the fan would kick on, but only after the computer was noticeably hot. Since this was my first new computer in a while, I guess I didn't want to believe it was really goofing up quite that badly so soon. Instead of calling the company and trying to get them to fix it, like sending it in to them, I tried to fix it myself. And that was a bad idea.That highlights another problem with this newer model. My old Dell Inspiron back in the day was pretty simple to take open and examine. This thing was a nightmare, and I had to watch some internet videos from someone else's computer to know how to disassemble it without breaking anything. I felt that it had been unnecessarily complicated since 2008, when I bought the other one. I couldn't see what would be causing the fan to run improperly. When I first put it back together, I thought I had done something wrong, because it would not work at all. And then after another week or so I tried it again on a whim and it'll turn on for less than a minute and then just shut off. My self-repair attempt has probably voided whatever limited warranty came with it, and I'm going to see if I can get someone else to work on it.I can't really recommend this computer. During my online searches I found that several other Dell computers have had a problem with overheating over the past several years. I must have just gotten lucky when I bought that one a few years ago that worked so well (and is the best PC I have ever tried - if any PC would be on par with a MacBook, it'd be that one), but this computer was nothing like it and . . . it bit the dust rather quickly. I think any other brand would be just as good a product, and since Dell is apparently notorious for the overheating problem - not recommended.However, it does have a nice monitor, runs smoothly (when not overheating), great CD/DVD drive which you can use for burning discs. And although unnecessarily bulky, it has several USB ports, which is a plus. If you do decide to buy this, back up all your files first and give it a trial period. If something seriously screws up in a short period of time, don't try to fix it yourself. Call the company and ask for it to be fixed or for your money back. This one wasn't worth the price, in my opinion. Even when it was working, it just didn't seem any better than any of my friends' laptops. And my old Dell used to get compliments all the time . . . must have been a fluke. Wish they still made that model, but I haven't been able to find it anywhere online. I found this while searching for the other.

Would not see the hard drive after 7 days. After spending an entire day doing repeated Windows updates, then by the next weekend it would not start.

I believe this machine was refurbished.  There were over 1,000 viruses and ad attachments when I got the machine. The machine kept turning off.  The webcam worked sometimes.  It was a frustrating experience.  I thank Amazon for quickly refunding my money.

Guaranteed for 90 days.  Purchased July 10 and died October 11.  Like the computer knew exactly when 90 days were up,As I read the morning news on AOL, I heard a loud shrill noise coming from computer and everything froze - solid.  Unable to clear it.  Took it to an expert this a.m. - he asked about recovery disk which I thought had been sent but not so - the disk was something else.  Dell now wants to charge $50 for recovery disk (and Dell has back orders for the disk) - and expert will charge me $150  to fix.  I am not happy or amused.  Any yes, I had backup and antivirus and etc,etc. and nothing worked like it should.So here I sit with my 7 year old, slow but working Sony Vaio that is still plugging along.

I bought this computer about two month ago, and  several weeks ago, it suddenly turned off without warnings. This prevented me doing anything with this computer.I contacted the customer's office and they granted me right to return this item since it is indeed the dysfunction of this computer and also the fact that I have never returned any products since the beginning. The reason I did give this rate is first this computer I bought indeed is bad. Further the seller charged me the 20% restock fee!?

In August 2013, I reviewed this product and rated it 4 stars, based on what seemed to be adequate performance but I have now completely changed my mind and rating based on current events. We purchased this unit for our daughter, who is a kindergarten teacher. It was delivered on May 09, 2012 and in August 2013, 1.25 years later, it seemed to be performing as expected. BUT, on May 09, 2014, exactly 2 years after delivery, our daughter called and advised that the unit had completely died and according to a preliminary investigation, the processor and/or motherboard had failed. I contacted Amazon, strictly to advise them of the problem. But, realizing that the product is beyond its short 1-year warranty, I was certainly not expecting a replacement but was simply seeking assistance and Amazon has provided that, thus far. I contacted Dell and ultimately encountered one of the most convoluted runarounds in which I have ever been involved. I spoke to a Tech Support rep, who needed certain identifying product information, so I had to agree to call back. When I did, I attempted reach Customer Support but thanks to Dell's "wonderful" automated phone system, I ended up with Tech Support. After realizing that the unit was out of warranty, that rep couldn't get me off of the phone fast enough. As though he was reading from a script, in very broken English, he was attempting to explain the principle of a warranty to me. I, in turn, explained that as a 20-year employee of Panasonic Co., I well understood both warranties and product quality and my point was not whether or not the product was in warranty but was whether it was reasonable to expect it to completely fail in two years. He just didn't understand!! Finally, I asked to be transferred to Customer Support. I was on "Hold" for 8 minutes before being cut off. I called back and after winding my way through Dell's maze-like phone system, I reached that department. As soon as that rep, who also spoke broken English, realized that the warranty had expired, she transferred me to Tech Support as I was in the middle of a sentence, again attempting to explain my problem with having a product fail in two short years. But, disappointingly, I again ended up with Tech Support, In one last desperate attempt, I futilely tried to explain my problem to a different representative but he, too, in broken English, seemed to read from a script in explaining that the product was out of warranty and nothing could be done. So, on May 10, 2014, I wrote a letter to Michael S. Dell, President and CEO of Dell. Certainly this American could understand the point that I was attempting to make! But, on May 15, 2014, I received a call from a man, purporting to be from the executive offices and responding to my May 10 letter, to Mr. Dell. I did not understand his name, however, since he, too, spoke in broken English! After some discussion, he stated that based on the "alarm code" given off by the Laptop, his assessment is that the Processor has failed and according to his explanation, because of the cost, there is nothing that Dell can (will??) do. He then rather insultingly attempted to explain the term "warranty" to me but I stopped him, explaining my history with Panasonic. He then made a statement that I will not forget. He said that it is because of what has happened here, that Dell extends warranties instead of guaranties. I took this as evidence of how much confidence Dell has in its products and how little attention it pays to quality. I told him that because of this instance, and despite the fact that I have purchased several Dell products over the years, I will never purchase a Dell product again. He couldn't have cared less, in my opinion, and said that he would take my comment as "feedback"!! I will now find a computer manufacturer that at least understands the American way of doing business but I am definitely finished with Dell. If I could have scored this purchase a "0", I would have...

I wish I had returned this laptop within the 30-day return period. It has plenty of RAM, but the processor is awful. It takes forever to switch from tab to tab in my browser. I can't watch Amazon instant videos or Netflix (the sound and video always go out of sync within the first 30 seconds of watching; it happens on every title, so it's not just a case of one or two bad videos). The one positive thing is the laptop does not get as hot as my Toshiba laptop did.

This is the most awful laptop i ever had.its not even 2 months its filled with virus and gets stuck every minute.i have to close it by pressing power button becoz the shut down button is also stuck.the screen is bright and the picture is not good too.if you want to throw some cash its better if u throw it in ur garbage disposer than this laptop.

I used this computer for college work. I did not stress this system. It worked until last night when I was 1 page away from completing a paper! It froze and I had to manually power it down. It did not start backup. The power light and fan is on but the screen stays off. I am not impressed with this product. I realize that this is not the best computer, but it should be able to surf the web and run Microsoft Word.

The curser moves to different place while typing in Word, Excel, emails, etc which is my biggest complaint.  It is slow to boot up even without loading programs!  They put the USB ports towards the front but they block the cd tray so it is a struggling to work the cd tray.  Dell told me it would work for 56k data transfer but it doesn't until I bought a modem that plugs into the USB and will send code thru my phone line to program access controls (that cord blocks cd tray now).  And they didn't put a groove to help pull the lid up.Oh, and when I called Dell to ask them for help choosing a computer, they tried to run my credit!  I found out when a letter arrived informing me & asking me to remove my credit freeze!  I bought online from Amazon & didn't need credit.  Dell didn't care about my complaint when I called them back!!!  Scammers.

The display had a horizontal line of pixels out of the box so from the beginning was being returned. Dell support was much better than I expected but they were unable to fix it. In addition I felt it ran sluggishly and the keyboard was mushy. I returned it and bought a Lenova which I love.

Could not get this up and running any faster than older models.  Had techies look at it, as well.  Not a good buy.

The price for performance is too high; it hangs often and needs to be restarted. I wish I could send it back.

not happy with it.. loved all my past Dell computers. Considering whether I need to return or not. Feeling discouraged

Lasted about a month then a white line appeared about half way up the screen. If you push on the screen the line will go away as long as you push it. When you take your hand off screen the line comes back... this is junk, do not buy...!

I have owned several Dell lap tops through the years.  First time purchasing a computer on line.  Opened the box, plugged it in, NOTHING. Pitch black.  Tried again, NOTHING.  Huge bummer.  Called Dell help line, they suggested a simple solution.  NOTHING.  They suggested I send it in and they would look at it.  NO THANKS DELL.  I returned the computer for a full refund minus the cost of sending it back.  Never again!  "Penny wise and dollar foolish".  In the future, I want to touch it and see if it works to my liking before buying.  I suggest you do the same.

THE COMPUTER HAS STOPPED WORKING ALREADY AND I CANT FIND THE RECEIPT TO CALL ABOUT IT. NOT SURE WHAT I SHOULD DO ABOUT IT.

Computer was in good physical condition. Description was accurate of features.  Loaded very slowly and sluggish response to commands.  First virus scan found over a thousand errors!  Seller should have to pay for anti virus software I had to download to clean it up!

Hard drive on this laptop crashed within a few months of very light use. Recovery disks would not work so sent it to Gateway for warranty service. I had to pay shipping $25.85 without insurance (big mistake). They claimed I sent it in with the case broken and since I would not pay $210.94 to fix the broken corner they would not repair the hard drive. They sent a picture of the box and there is no visible damage on the box. It was packaged very well with the PC in the middle surrounded by tons of bubble wrap and air bags. I thought they were mixing up customer orders. They made it clear it was my laptop and they would not cover anything unless I paid the $210.94. They also told me they receive 1000, yes one thousand, computers back for service every day. At this point I was raging and told them to send it back to me. THEN I'm told if they send it back I cannot claim the $100 UPS allows for damaged merchandise that was not insured. I thought I was in the Twilight Zone - these people are out and out liars and thieves!!!I did some research for complaints against Gateway and this same scenario has played out many times over. Acer seems to be the owners of Gateway for whatever that's worth. I tried going to WalMart where the purchase was made but they refused to accept any responsibility for the merchandise they carry. So the end user....me, is out $400 and left without a computer. It's a sad day when large corporations get away with tactics like what I experienced. Suffice that I WILL NEVER own another Gateway and WILL NEVER purchase another PC from WalMart. Shame on both of them.BUYER BEWARE - when a company has no skin in the game it's easy to avoid responsibility.Here's someone else's story: [...]He even paid Gateway $21.25 for their recovery disks which didn't work - OF COURSE THEY DIDN'TUPDATE 7/2/13We tried returning the laptop to our local WalMart. They said they could not take it back that we should return it to the store where it was purchased. We made the 600 mile trip (as part of a vacation) and I'm happy to report that this WalMart did take the computer back and gave us a full refund. Goes to show who believes in their customer base and that GateWay could NOT care less. THANK YOU WALMART.

After several months Notebook began blue screening. Called Gateway/Acer for support and they were very reluctant to help. They told us to reboot it to inital config (default). This did not fix issue. Sent the unit back for repair - not sure what they did - still blue screens. After going through this the warranty has passed - tech support said we had insufficient Anti-virus which is BS. They want my company to buy extended warranty to fix. I'm in IT and thier tech support is horrible, not to mention having to but coverage after the fact. I swill never purchase Gateway products for my company again.

This laptop could have been a great purchase... if it had been packaged properly. I bought it from a 3rd party seller here on Amazon (Secondipity) and it has been, by far, my worst Amazon purchase. I was so excited to get this computer, as my old one crashed a few weeks ago and I really need a laptop for school. So imagine my surprise and confusion when it arrives in an original Gateway box (instead of down inside a shipping box) without any bubblewrap or packing peanuts around it. At that point, I didn't really think anything of it because the laptop itself looked unscathed (wait for it). After I charged it for the required amount of time, I turned it on and the screen was completely white with a few colorful liness on the right side of the screen. It looked as if the hard drive was somehow damaged during shipping (surprise, surprise!) I immediately called Secondipity and their customer service line was down. Soo after a series of events too exhausting to list here, I was finally able to get the laptop sent back and I'm just waiting to get the money put back on my card. NEVER dealing with Secondipity again...

I wanted to buy my realtor husband a really cool father's day gift. One that would put him technically a cut above. I have been researching this type of new convertible type computer for quite some time and because of the reviews I took a chance and ordered this one. The graphics card does not support everything that he needs and worst of all be warned. Tech support for this product is priced at $90.00 per question! How outrageous and bizarre! We have purchased many computers in the past and this was going to be the coolest one yet. We were very excited about it. How unfortunate that, I'm sure, such a potentially cool product has NO TECH SUPPORT. No OK people beware.

UPDATE MAY 2, 2013I just downgraded my overall rating from 3 to 2 stars. I've come to the realization that this is a first generation product with all of the first generation woes that come with a first generation product. The trackpad continues to suck. I never use the Windows 8 tile mode - never. I've tried it multiple times in the early days and it's just a black hole for time. Wait 2 more years until there are some decent, refined apps for it. Newest problems is that last night the screen froze in the wrong horizontal mode so I had to watch a movie on my Yoga lengthwise (holding it long-ways up). Nothing I did fixed it. When the movie was over, it returned to the right screen orientation. ARGH. And the hard drive is way too small. I have **only** programs installed on my hard drive and have a mere 39 GB left on the C drive. In fact, I had to uninstall Adobe Acrobat (uses 2 GB) and install Foxit PDF (500 MB to save an extra 1.5 GB of space). That's crazy. I installed an extra SSD with 256 GB that's where I put my everyday files, powerpoint, videos, music, etc. I suspect I'll be running out of space for programs on the C drive before the useful life of this laptop is over. Lastly, the speakers have started making crackling noises. It's not music or videos I'm playing or a bad wifi connection on Skype. It happens all the time on everything. This is only 3 months old! Come on. Verdict: this is a first generation product. It's not a bad laptop but there is enough that goes wrong that it just frustrates me on a regular basis. It's still quite fast and the screen continues to be gorgeous. That's not enough for me to recommend it. I do recommend you wait until the second generation and see if it's any better.UPDATE FEB 22, 2013I'm changing the trackpad rating to 2.5 out of 10, down from 4 out of 10. It is really a bad trackpad. The problem seems to be mostly in the software, but it's hard to say. I have fiddled with every possible software setting to try and get it to behave, but it is really futile. The latest is that an erroneous movement on the trackpad will causes the mouse to freeze so I have to see if I can switch to the Win 8 tile mode, and then back to free the mouse cursor. If not, then I have to reboot. It's a fast reboot, but that's not the point. This shouldn't be happening. This is made by a major PC manufacturer and the year is 2013. COME ON - GET IT RIGHT!!UPDATE FEB 17, 2013The trackpad absolutely sucks. Has a mind of its own. I give it a 4 out of 10. And yes, I have adjusted and fiddled with every possible settings in the software. FAIL.The fan runs from time to time. It's not that loud.The touchscreen needs work. I was in a meeting with someone using an ipad and she flew from screen to screen on her ipad. I was trying to flick through screens on my Yoga and it just didn't work. Kept trying to highlight paragraphs on the screen.  FAIL.I agree with many of the other reviewers - Yoga falls short and wait until they can improve these things. The trackpad issue alone is enough to hold off buying. I can't believe the trackpad is so bad. I mean. Really?-----------------We're all busy people so I'll cut to the chase and save you some time. I bought the orange yoga intel i-5, 8 GB RAM, 128 GB SSD. I also purchased an extra 256 GB SSD from Crucial and installed myself (nerve-wracking but I did it). I've been using this daily for about 2 weeks now and here is my impression so farWHAT I LOVEbuild quality - clearly it was well designed and well constructedcolor - the orange is gorgeousscreen - high quality, brightweight & slimness - finally, a laptop I can travel with; AC adapter is also slim and lightweightsexy - yes, it is a sexy laptopspeed - reboots in about 2-3 seconds; programs open in 1-2 secondslocation of headphone jack - out of the way for legs, lap, etc.battery life/power mgmt - you have to fiddle to get it right for you but i was actually able to fly to europe and still have charge left in my laptop when i landed. obviously i didn't use the laptop for the entire 10 hour flight, but on a plane, between sleeping, eating, a movie and laptop work, i had plenty of juice.touchscreen - helps when the touchpad is acting up (but it's not a perfect touchscreen either - sometimes you want to click on something and have to end up using the touchpad anyway)WHAT I HATEtouchpad - really?! such a gorgeous machine and the trackpad is incredibly temperamental. i played with every possible setting in the software, trust me. i actually went looking for an old USB plugin mouse but i've given them all away to charity and i refuse to buy another external mouseWindows 8 - the problem actually isn't Windows (can you believe it?), it's the apps that have been redesigned for Windows 8. Think first generation software. Take Evernote. You actually can't sync or quit Evernote using the Windows 8 app. I ended up removing all Windows 8 apps and using the machine as a Windows 7 device. The idea of the touchscreen is nice and I think the apps will get there. But right now, Windows 8 is not needed.lenovo's customer "service" - one of the biggest nightmares I've experienced in recent memory. I had to end up calling credit card company to cancel a double charge and get credit for a price change on an accessory (lenovo said they would credit the difference but never did). you wait on hold w/ lenovo for ages, actually speak to someone and they never do what they say they will128 GB SSD gives you a useable amount of space of about 80-90 GB, after junk consolidation. that's criminal and renders a 128 GB SSD inadequate (your software and settings will end up taking 100 GB after 2-3 years of use).SURPRISESi actually don't use the different yoga poses as much as i thought i would. I attribute that to a temperamental touchpad more than anything elsei bought the protective sleeve but find it more annoying and don't really use it; also you can't put anything else in the sleeve because it's so tightadding the 2nd SSD was easier than I thought, but still no piece of cake. there are a few videos online showing how to do this - the one on youtube is not complete enough. You need some of those plastic tools to lift the keyboard up without scratching it and a torex screwdriver - google for the right sizes and exact tool names. takes a while to get the keyboard connector back in its socket. there was no way to get the keyboard clips to click back in place so the keyboard is now a bit bouncier than when I first got it - not bad though, but noticeable.

The company that sold this to me said they would not tell me how much they would charge me for returning the computer unless I deleted my review saying that they were slow to respond to my return request.  They accused me of lying, trying to destroy their company, among other things.  I simple wanted to return a computer that I did not even touch.  Beware of this seller.The computer would not work for me, as I needed it for doing my office work while traveling.UpdateI removed my initial review in order to get a dollar amount if I returned the computer that was never touched. I heard back from the seller, long email like all the others, and I will lose basically 1/2 of what I spent on the computer if I send it back.Beware of this company. It is not professional. I would advice against buying anything from this company. I have never had this trouble before however in the future I will check out companies prior to a purchase.  The company name is Media & More.

On a daily basis I use two touch screens, my Android phone and the Kindle Fire. Both of these touch screens are more responsive than the Yoga 13. I bought this machine based on the mostly positive reviews here and in tech publications like CNET but after playing around with it for a couple of hours I found many flaws. I'll leave out any complaints with Windows 8, which are irrelevant because you just have to deal with it when you buy a new PC. So here are my observations:Pro:Made of quality materials, the soft leather feel of the exterior feels premiumStart up was fastSet up was easyDisplay is beautifulCons:Touch screen is not very responsive for text, you may have to make several attempts to open hyperlinked textTouch screen feels like you are pressing into it rather than touching a solid surfaceThe mouse button requires a firm click to push down for some reason with an audible clickIn summary, the materials used are very good but the software controlling the mouse pad and the touch screen are an annoyance for the price.

I like the concept of the computer.  A tablet/laptop combo seems like the wave of the future.  I tried a Microsoft Surface for about a day and realized that product missed the mark on truly serving both needs.  This one does a better job, and the screen is beautiful.  However, follow the boards and use it for a bit, and you'll notice some common bugs and inconveniences.  The worst I've encountered is that suddenly, for no reason at all, the keyboard and touch pad stop working completely.  Many others have this problem.  Customer service led me on a lengthy run around to try and diagnose the problem, stating that I probably opened an attachment from an unknown sender in my email to cause the problem (get real folks.  It ain't 1998).  Finally, they said they COULD fix it, for a mere $150 or $250 for annual service!  Not a chance.  Beware this company!

This is a nice product purchased at BestBuy; they had the best prices.  Could not get it to connect to my ASUS dual band N router (56U) .  Considering I have 8 other devices connected  and a hour with Lenovo; we both figured it was a bad wireless card.  However, I took it back to BestBuy and they hooked right up to their network. I'm not buying a new router so I returned it.  There is a lot of network chatter on dual band routers and problems with the Yoga 13.  I wish I could of kept it.. Now I'm looking at the ASUS Transformer Book that is coming out. It has two drives, illuminate keyboard, front/rear camera and a slot for a network wire.

I must admit, I was taken initially when I first saw this laptop. Light, great screen (high resolution) and a reported 8 hr battery life; so I purchased it to replace my sony viao (3 years old). Three months in and have found myself very disappointed with this laptop. True, nice screen, debatable keyboard (I like it though) and flexible. All that aside, I found this thing extremely slow, handling the simplest of tasks, including watching a youtube video. It has become very very laggy with anything. It actually reminded me of the windows ME days, terrible. I wish I could return this thing. Also, battery life is horrendous with only 3hrs tops with basic use. I even tested thing with lowest brightness with minimal use and only got 3.5hrs! For me, my old sony would out perform this thing any day.All in all, I am very disappointed and would not hesitate to return this thing if I could.

Just got a Yoga 13. Wifi didn't work out of the box. Tried fixing myself for hours. Other laptops in my house work just fine. The Yoga 13 sees our router but says limited connectivity and Win8 troubleshooter says "DNS server isn't responding." Called Lenovo support and was informed that if I wanted to get help for my brand new computer which is under warranty for another year it would cost me $179. They also kept asking my to hardwire to the internet, but obviously have no idea that their own product has no ethernet connection.  Thanks for nothing Lenovo, I have a very expensive paper weight.

I LOVE the design of Yoga 13. Really wish I could keep it. However I have been waiting for a Windows 8 convertible mainly for work and an indispensable function is taking notes during meetings, and Yoga is just not going to do.With OneNote:- For the desktop version of OneNote (may not be the right term, but I mean the old version versus the "OneNote MX" version), you'd have to click "draw" from the menu, then click the drawing tool, then you can draw. If you just write/draw with your fingers or a stylus, it just recognizes you as trying to move/resize the page. And yes, I went as far as buying an iPad stylus, which works perfectly for the capacitive screen of Yoga. Still OneNote doesn't believe I am trying to write with it.- For the Metro version of OneNote (OneNote MX), it doesn't even give you a tool for "drawing". It is supposed to sense a digitized stylus (which won't work on capacitive screen) when it is near the screen and automatically switch the input method.- Yes I've tried to tweak with input settings, display settings, pen and touch settings.... to no avail.Pity, but I'll have to return it. To either get a screen that can use digitized pen, or wait till OneNote and capacitive screen can work together.Bottom line, if taking note is a must-have function for you for a tablet convertible, don't get Yoga yet.

Where do I start.When you boot the machine, everyday it has a different orientation. Their instructions for fixing or autorotate does not work. This Lenovo can pin on Microsoft but I wish I had waited for apple to come up with the touch screen feature to teach microsoft how it should be done in the first place.Next wifi - when older machines and $20 controls can see my wifi router, this dumb POS has to be positioned in all kinds of angles before it detects the signal. Heck I am standing right in front of the machine and it gives me a poor signal. Tech supports suggestion - change my router or internet service provider.Host of other issues. Next time, I will be buying a mac.

Personally this laptop wouldnt be as bad as its nor=w with lenovo.My hidge for this laptop broke so easily. Ideal having convertible itsellf is so poor.I called customer support and it asked me to send them via fedex. Once i send them laptop, i heard not even mail, or any word from them. Out of frustation i called thm and they said motherboard is dead due to water.God Damn there was never the case, it was hidge problem.They said they will return without repair, if  wasnt ready to pay 580$ repair cost for 45 day old laptop..i still called it back without repai and realized that laptop send back was actually worse conition than what it should be.HIGLY recommendation, never never buy lenovo.

Pros:  I don't know yet because I can't get past the wifi issues.Cons:  A laptop without wifi is a horrible desktop and since you need a dongle with this laptop that doesn't come with it, then that makes this laptop a really expensive paper weight.I have tried everything in the forums as well as in other reviews here and mine still won't connect.  I contacted Acer and they had me do a recover WITHOUT telling me that it would create a new install and put everything in the Windows.OLD folder, so now I get to redownload MS Office 2013 while tethered to my cell phone.  What a piece of junk.  I think this one is going back.  I'd rather spend an extra $20 for a Dell that will connect out of the box.

This computer drops the wifi connection frequently...i wish i knew about this problem before i bought it, if its connected to the LAN it will work fine.

The only good thing I can say about this system is it has a nice keyboard.Turned it on for the first time and it sounded like a jet taking off the fan(s) were so loud.The fans were constantly running & the keyboard was getting quite warm.Day 2 it gave up the ghost. Network card fried. No ethernet, no WiFi.  I suspect that the unit over heated and fried the network card.Amazon sent two UPS pickups, both with different tracking numbers.  It did get picked up by the first guy who got there. The second guy kept trying for 3 days to do his pickup.  Amazon did credit my credit card with in a couple of days to their credit.I've had a Dell laptop before that is still going strong after 7 years.  This one was just poor design with the internals from the word go.I now have a similar system made by Toshiba with AMD dual core CPUs instead of the Intel Quad core CPU the Dell unit had.  The Toshiba was $75 cheaper at Walmart.  The system is just as fast, the fan hardly runs at all and it is whisper quiet.I would definitely not recommend a Dell product, this comes from some one who is retired after 30 years in the IT field doing just about everything.

Experienced a major defect in the screen display a few months after the purchase of the computer and computer was and still is under warranty.  Contacted Dell Warranty support (based in India) and sent them a picture of the display screen.  They stated that the problem was not a defect because defects occur within a day of use.  They refused to honor the warranty for which the computer was still covered by.  Tried to escalate but the last individual (name of Jabat Singh) refused to contact their superior and said that he would only give me the number for their out of warranty department. I have purchased a total of 5 Dell computers in the past 10 years and previous to this purchase had good experience with their customer support.  Obviously this is no longer the case and I will never purchase another Dell computer again.  For anyone looking to purchase a computer, I would definitely steer clear of the Dell brand.

I ordered this computer.  I did get it the day they said I would on a Tuesday.  Never could get it to work properly.  So, on the following Sunday I called Dell to see if they could help figure out what was wrong only to find out that it was requistered to someone else.  I ordered a brand new computer and had rec.'d a refurbish computer that Dell said " they could not help me because it was not my computer.  I gave at least 2 stars becausebecause before I was of the Phone with Dell Amazon was calling to give me a return label and said they would credit my account the next day which finally happened Friday.I have since order another computer from Amazon.  We will see how this one does.  I really hope it is new and not used.

No instructions!  very confusing operations. Can't find half of the stuff I have been using over the last 18 years.I hate Windows 8. Most of the 'F' keys are useless, and their function is changed. Changes should be for improvements. This is going in the WRONG direction! I wish I had never bought this computer. I could NEVER recommend this computer to anyone.I love the speed, and the screen size, but I can't do anything with it. Maybe play games...  I am currently using my old Toshiba, at least I can do something with that!

I bought mine at Best Buy and I have to say it's the worst laptop ever! 3 months after I got it, it started turning off by itself and getting really hot even if we cleaned its vents.We sent it to Lenovo company,BTW we had to pay for sending it, aprox. $45, and as soon as it got home we noticed that it was poorly assembled and every time we turned it on it would stay on a black screen and it said something about a cable not being connected, in white letters, then it would start working. A month later, it started acting up and sometimes it just freezes or it stays 'thinking' or 'loading' when you turn it on. We end up taking the battery out and putting it back in so it starts working. And the cd/dvd player stopped working and I'm sure it was because of how the company handled it when we sent it for them to 'repair' it!!! It still doesn't have a year with us, and this happened after just 3 months of buying it! Don't waste money on any computer by Lenovo, their service and support sucks!

I've had nothing but issues with this. Even when it WAS working, it was a subpar computer that can't handle Windows 8 very well.After 2 months of casually using it for work, it wouldn't load the operating system. The computer is nothing more than a paperweight and Lenovo support is worthless.

Unfortunately I didn't just purchase one if these, I got two, one for me and one for my daughter. Both of us hate this computer equally. I thought it would be a cheap way to get introduced to Windows 8. The most annoying thing about it is when you're trying to type e-mails etc, it jumps all over the place and suddenly you're typing in the middle of a line you already finished, so you have to delete it from the wrong line and reenter it in the correct place. Windows 8 was definitely made for touch screen which this computer definitely is not. Save yourself the money and annoyance and stay away from this product

The U56e is a sleek, aluminum-body unit with an excellent keyboard. Altogether very solid and attractive. Processor is fast enough and memory is more than enough. Battery is phenomenal.But there is a serious flaw with the Elan touchpad: it's very erratic and unstable. It jerks around, frequently opening apps you didn't intend to, or straying around your document. While I'd done my due diligence research on this unit before purchasing, it wasn't until I'd delved into some geek forums that I discovered others making the same complaint. Several expressed astonishment that ASUS has been letting this flaw pass for years now.After reporting this problem to ASUS support, they instructed me to reinstall the touchpad and load BIOS default. I did this, but it didn't correct the problem, which I assume is uncorrectable after reading about it in the forums. In the end, I bought an external wireless mouse.I wish I could recommend ASUS to friends, but this mouse issue is so fundamental, I cannot do so. And it is truly jawdropping that ASUS would let this problem go on for years without intervention.

I bought a U56E-BBL5 last year and the motherboard began to fail at about 13 months (unit kept randomly shutting itself off).  By 16 months, the motherboard rendered the laptop unusable. ASUS would not honor the repair even though the unit was just a few months out of warranty.  In my opinion, the motherboard was not manufactured to be a durable component and spoils the good features of the laptop since it is not usable without an expensive repair (around $400).  ASUS had an opportunity to practice good citizenship and take responsibility for the substandard component but chose not to.  I have seen a number of identical complaints involving some ASUS motherboards.

In March of 2012, I bought this ASUS laptop and after testing it out for a few weeks, left a 4-star review on here saying how light and functional it was, despite the terrible speakers (underneath the laptop, guys? Seriously?). After owning it for 11 months, I've deleted that review and I'm here to warn you: this is one of the most unreliable and absolutely pathetic excuses for a computer I've ever seen. It began a few months after I bought it when it started shutting off randomly on its own, which got worse and worse until I decided to send it into the manufacturer's for repairs. They replaced the hard drive, but the problem actually persisted. After ruling out the possibility of a virus, software conflict, overheating issue, overcharging the battery, this leads me to believe that the hard drive itself has a fault and all laptops of this brand are similarly faulty (especially going by many of the reviews on here). The official Asus live chat was also unable to troubleshoot it. Very, very disappointed. Will not buy Asus again, and I urge everyone else to do the same.

slower than it should be, terrible touch pad, poor screen resolution, and the worse speakers ever. Dont buy this comp i regret it.

I have an Asus U56E I5 processor 600 GB Hard drive and 6 GB ram.First my wireless stopped working. It would start fine and then just cut out. I have had to buy an external wireless card.  Then my computer started shutting off randomly if it was on battery. The battery would say that it was 80% full and then just shut off. It works great if you are always plugged in and have an Ethernet cable tho. Don't buy Asus.

This laptop (it would be my first--I've been desktop only) seemed to have everything I needed. It arrived, I set it up via the one sheet of paper that was the only documentation (no paper warranty included, and you'll see why this mattered in a moment).I live close to Google, who offer two WiFi sites, and there are six other local WiFi services, all with three or more connectivity bars. I knew that I could only access Lenovo's instruction guide and warranty if I got on line. Except that nothing I could do would connect it to any of the eight WiFi sources. I spent over an hour trying, and ended back, through the diagnostics, in the wonderful world of the 'recirculating loop' in which one chases one own tail and gets nowhere, merely returns to the diagnostics. (Note: I am not a computer neophyte and have been working with a series of machines starting with a Morrow (!) thirty years ago.)I called Lenovo customer support (long, complicated phone tree) and they confirmed my one-year warranty but could not help me. It was a software issue, they said, and connected me to the appropriate department. What a pity that the software is not warranted except at extra cost, on top of the purchase price.Decision: Lenovo laptop returned to Amazon.

Once setup was complete the battery remained at 98%. Two days later it dropped to 96%. After 35 minutes on the phone with Lenovo tech support the technician concluded that the system didn't recognize the battery. Because the issue had to do with the motherboard, not the battery, she advised to return the B590 to Amazon.This computer was purchased on the good reviews it earned thus far at Amazon. After the time invested setting up a new computer I would advise the buyer to beware. This laptop is also slow and performance quirky unless resorting to Alt/Ctrl/delete a few times each session isn't unusual.

The Key board did not function correctly. I returned it to Lenovo after a lot of phone conversation and received a brand new computer.  This would have been OK if I hadn't already loaded all my programs on it.  Microsoft Office could not be reinstalled because it had been used previously.Lenovo's quality control is definately lacking not to have picked a problem like the one I had.  I wasted a lot of time because of this.

Summary:1. Adapter stops working in the first year of purchase2. Touchpad wired with wrong material and stops working in the first year of purchase3. Permanent & annoying COntrol Panel Glitch4. Messed up audio circuitry freezes computer5. Transition from Windows XP to Windows 7 is painful. Windows 7 is crap.6. Dell's repair service plan is crap.Purchased this computer at the beginning of January 2010. Previously had a 3 year old Dell E1505 that worked perfectly. Thought I'd get the same quality three years later. Nope.The day I took it out of the box and tried to set it up, my Control Panel froze. Ever since then, I have always had this problem. The solution is to force the Control Panel close using the Task Manager, then reopen it. ANNOYING!In July, my adapter began malfunctioning. By August, it stopped working. Dell had to replace it. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE ADAPTER LIGHT IS VEEERRY BRIGHT BLUE. Not always good for dorm room sleepers. You'll have to unplug your adapter every time to keep the light out of your eye.Yesterday the left and right click buttons below the touch pad stopped working. Both now go to auto scroll when I click on them. Googled solutions and found numerous customers complaining about a malfunctioning touchpad. Apparently Dell uses the wrong material to make the cable connection for the touchpad. Here is a thread about it, as well as a solution from a guy who Dell themselves thanked in the thread! [...]Still haven't gotten my click buttons to work. Dell told me that since I'm still under the warranty, they'd send me a box to mail in my laptop for repair. But I'd be without a laptop for 7 - 10 days at least, since they can't give me a replacement in the mean time!The other option would be for me to pay $59+tax for a Dell technician to come to my home to do the repair. Imagine that! And that mightn't even work!!!What is even more annoying is that the Control Panel never works when I pull it up the first time, so trying to deal with this click button problem is just more problematic because to simply access my settings is a big deal after restart.There is a big difference between Windows XP & Windows 7. Windows 7's user interface is deplorable. Trying to adjust settings in my problematic Control Panel yesterday to fix my click button problem was an absolute headache, because there is no Classic View in the Control Panel and if you're not familiar with the contents, you will find yourself clicking on every single heading in there just to find the one control that you want. MS Office 2007 is also drastically different from older versions. I constantly have to YouTube tutorials on how to do the simplest things in MS Word and Excel that used to be so easy to figure out in older versions of the software.Lastly (and I'm really hoping that it's 'lastly' and that my 8 month old computer doesn't come up with any MORE problems!!!), my audio circuitry seems to be messed up. I watch movies using external speakers to give me better sound than my laptop speakers. But whenever I'm watching a movie and I receive an instant message alert on Skype simultaneously, the sound reverts back to my laptop speakers, and the external speakers are automatically deactivated. Unplugging and replugging them doesn't to get the sound back to the external speakers. My movie freezes, followed by my entire computer, and I have to force shut down by holding the power button down for 10 secs. What is that about??? This happens every time that I receive a Skype message alert while watching a movie on my computer. The messed up audio circuitry freezes my computer. Now I have to remind myself to exit Skype before running a movie!I trusted Dell because of the positive experience that I had with my old computer. But this new Inspiron 1440 is making me never want to buy Dell again. I'm very frustrated with this "new" laptop and would just like to get my money back and buy a new computer. All the little problems have compounded to leave me with a very bitter taste in my mouth. Dell's quality has DETERIORATED over the years it seems. Unless I can get my problems fixed permanently and easily, I won't be buying from them again. I recommend that before you purchase this laptop, go google Inspiron 14 PROBLEMS, and see what comes up. You might see some recurring themes!!!

I've been a faithful Dell customer for at least 10 years and had been very happy until this machine.Whatever Dell you buy, make sure the wireless card is not a Dell Wireless 1703. Search the internet for Inspiron 15 dropping wireless signal and you'll see that this an issue experienced by many. The rest of the machine is okay. I'd give it 3/5 stars. But given this wireless card problem and the length of time I've spent with tech support so far, I wish I could give it a 0/5 stars. It wouldn't be a problem if Dell would admit there's an issue but they're very resistant to do so.Mine has had issues dropping the wireless signal since I bought it. Because it is an intermittent problem, you will get a lot of resistance from tech support.Over the course of 3-4 months, multiple calls and chat sessions with tech support, I've been instructed to update the drivers, they've updated the drivers, they fussed with settings, rebootings, BIOS updates, and they came to the conclusion that it was my router (despite telling them no other device I have has had problems). AT&T; replaced the router even though they found no issue with it. Not ten minutes after the AT&T; tech left, my computer dropped the signal.Today Dell finally decided to replace the wireless card. Yes, it took nearly the length of the software warranty for them to finally decide that there is indeed an issue!If you already have this machine and finally reached the point where Dell decides to replace the card, ask them to replace it with a different type. They seem to be okay with this. I'll come back and update this if they try and give me the same type of card and/or if the new card hasn't fixed this.As for the rest of the machine:The mouse is a little inaccurate. You have to focus tap-to-clicks on the far left of the mouse or else it won't pick it up as a tap. It's annoying.The battery life leaves something to be desired. I get 2-3 hours with the power usage being almost at it's minimum.The rest of the machine is fine for what it is. This is a low end laptop so it's no hard core gaming computer.As far as Windows 8 goes:Windows 8 can be tolerable with the start button modification. Windows 8 is widely known as a giant flop but if you're like me and use computers for work and can't limp your Windows 7 machine any longer, you'll have to learn to put up with it. That's a problem with Microsoft though and not the machine.My biggest complaint is the wireless card and how long it has taken for Dell to admit mine is faulty despite the fact that many, many customers are having the same problem. Prior to this, I had always been pleased with Dell computers and their support. My experience with this machine and with Windows 8 has me pricing Apple computers. The amount of wages I've lost because of time spent on this an unable to work is much more than what an Apple would have cost.

while the computer seems to work well, the keyboard, touch pad and mouse buttons are loud and seem of very low quality.

This is not a good laptop! It is very slow. It seems that something wrong with it because it shouldn't be so slow.  Also the screen is bad- eyes are tired after short time looking at it. It is also very heavy.

Seems to be very slow....windows 8 is hard to navigate around in....no instructions! Do not realize new windows was the OS.

I heard that Windows 8 is horrible--not intuitive, no instructions, you just have to continue to bumble around to find out how to use it.  So I made a point to search on Amazon for laptop Windows 7.  I didn't realize the search results would deliver a few laptops with Windows 8 and that's what I end up choosing and discovered when it was delivered.  I've been trying to make the best of it since then without much success.It would have been nice if the Dell Laptop had come with some instructions.  There is a barely helpful Quick Start guide but otherwise refers you to the internet for assistance (which I couldn't figure out how to get).Also, it seems as though I have to almost bang on the touch pad and the Enter key in order for the laptop to respond.I don't really care for the waffle patterned surface, both inside and out, of the laptop.

I was not informed that a returned computer would be charged 20% off the original price even if the computer was in perfect condition. Also the shipping was free to me but the seller charged 20%+$14. to take the computer back. I paid $390.98 for the computer and received credit for $298.40.!!!!

My real problem with this computer is the Windows 8 installed on it. I have spent a couple of months trying to get used to this ridiculous operating system. I will never purchase a PC again. My productivity has dropped and I never even want to log on to this computer. The app functionality doesn't work properly unless you have a touch screen and I can't even figure out how to do basic things like minimize windows. I hate windows 8.

I bought it as a gift for my wife and she only used for  days and now, it doesnt even turn on. It is horrible

lapto buy this black Friday Christmas gift for my wife and came to Venezuela in Latin America 30 days, the first day to use the battery in less than 3 hours, the second day would not start was downloaded, not loading and does nothing! ! lost 370 dollars on a computer even step quality control as I get my hands with fatal flaw, as I do to fix this serious problem??

Touch Pad  gives lot of hard sound,very irritating. I have now decided always buy  good models regardless of the price,never go for cheap deals, they have low priced items installed in them.

It came with issues, It seemed like a decent laptop, a bit bulky but it would have worked. Unfortunately, I opened it and it had issues with the screen from the start. Disappointing because I needed it for a trip I'm taking this Friday.

Pros:FastLooks greatGood battery lifeSeems well madeGreat sound system for such a compact computerHaven't noticed any fan noiseNever gets very hotNot too much bloatwareBUT...Cons:Keyboard is the worst I've ever experienced. About 5% of my keystrokes do not register. If you are a fast typer and used to just touching the keys, I think you would be very frustrated with this keyboard. If you look at reviews of other model zenbooks, you'll see this is a common complaint.The track pad is pretty bad too.I definitely would not buy this computer again because of the keyboard issue, but it wasn't so bad that I returned it.

i bought this computer five months ago. everything seemed to work fine. however the screen went white. because I bought it online and it was an older model asus will not honor the year warranty it came with. buyer beware asus will not accept any form of purchase proof to honor their warranty.

I spent almost two hours on the phone with ASUS technical support.  The Ineternet Explorer browser would not let me go to any websites or downloand any software from the Internet.  I wanted to download Google Chrome but the IE browser would not let me - would block me from doing so.  Very frustrating.  Tech support didn't know how to fix it and told me I have to send it back.  Very disappointing.

Dell has a serious flaw in the design of this and their newer laptops/notebooks. They are making computers thinner and lighter which ends up restricting the airflow. This causes internal parts to overheat. The typical result in my computer is that the graphics card will overheat and cause the system to lock up.I have this Dell Studio 15" with factory upgraded ram and other goodies totaling about $1000 investment. Since the new box arrived at my door a year ago, it has continually crashed and locked-up. Dell support has tried everything under the sun, short of giving me a new computer. This includes sending techs to my house and replacing internal parts like the graphics card, motherboard, etc. Alas, nothing changes. The fan always runs at full throttle within moments of start-up. If I try to watch a video or even if a web-page has anything using flash, immediately graphics card failure occurs resulting an over-sized cursor and a total system lock-up. My only option is to do a hard system shutdown. Disabling flash or other scripts only delays the inevitable.I have owned several Dells in the past and WAS a huge fan of Dell; however, this experience has left me very frustrated and disappointed. One tech advised me to purchase a Toshiba as they are not having this issue because their laptops are still a little bulkier providing better airflow.

The Dell Studio was provided to me by Dell Tech Support as a replacement computer, for another Dell Studio.  The original Dell Studio continuously overheated and the left side plastic hinge and monitor frame broke.  Unfortunately, the new one didn't overheat, but the left side hinge and frame broke again.  The first and second time, the computer was covered under an extended warranty.  However, it broke for a third time now, and it's off warranty.  My wife and I have been careful and conscientious with this computer, and it keeps breaking.Now, there's also a power issue with the laptop - you can only use it after putting it in sleep mode.  If you do a total shutdown or a restart, you have to reboot it a half dozen times to get a video display.NEVER AGAIN.  DO NOT BUY A STUDIO 1555.

This company is unprofessional and customer service was lacksadaisical and seemed unimportant. The computer I ordered did not match the description. I paid for a Windows 7 system and received a computer with the older Vista system. When inquiring on an even exchange, this was not an option.

To start, I use this laptop casually. I bought it for college for writing papers and surfing the internet. Occasionally for movies as well. When I first bought it, things were smooth, everything functioned right, it was put together nicely, no external noises, just vague amounts of overheating. As time goes on the battery starts to die out, but that's expected.Jump forward to the point where my year warranty is up.The laptop begins cracking, the frame is snapping apart and I snap it back into place constantly. The charger is also broken completely exposing wires that eventually broke apart and I had to buy a replacement. This is all from wear and tear of me just opening the laptop mind you. Up until this point the laptop is deteriorating. Processing wise, it's awesome. But it was not engineered correctly. It is at the point of replacement as the "AC adapter can't be recognized", and the screen doesn't line up with the laptop when closed exposing wires and the metal hinge which is misaligned. The power button becomes hard to press because of it's horrid location. I bought a new battery thinking that would fix the problem with the AC adapter, but it just won't charge. If I unplug it, it instantly shuts down, which is hard to avoid because of how loose the actual adapter is in the socket, causing me to lose work.I don't recommend this product or any newer dell products. I recommend trying Lenovo.

I bought this laptop when I decided to go back to college.  Seemed like it would be exactly what I needed.  Sadly, this has not been the case.  Initially, out of the box, everything was good and had no problems. Past 18 months has been a major pain.First problem:  Anywhere across the bottom of the keyboard can act as a touch pad at times.  Try writing a paper and all of a sudden your cursor is somewhere else and you have to go back and fix it.Second problem:  Could no longer adjust the sound.Third problem:  Screen disappears for no reason and then reappears when you move the cursor.  This also just happened while typing this.Fourth problem:  Overheating!Fifth problem:  I could go on, but you get the picture.Had it to the computer repair shop twice with some things being corrected and other things showing up.  Could have bought another laptop with what I paid out for this one!We use dell at my job and they are also nothing but problems.  Will not buy another.  Shopping even now as I type.

First the bad:I bought this laptop just about 4 years ago when I was heading off to college. Worked great for about 3 months, then keys started falling off with everyday typing, the touch buttons along the top of the keyboard stoped working, the sound doesn't function consistently... ect (those were the big ones anyway). When I would shut my laptop without turning it off (goes into sleep mode), the laptop would turn itself back on randomly while being closed. This meant it would be on for hours without me knowing, and get incredibly hot to the touch. This issue has provided some good stories though... Occasionally ill be playin music or watching a movie with the laptop and shut it without turning anything off. It would kick back on in the middle of the night and scare the crap out of everybody in the room... Ah, Good times. I've sent in my laptop to dell on one occasion to try and fix the issues, they did replace the keyboard, but nothing else. Needless to say, this did not fix any problems (except for my missing keys!). Since I am a man and threfore can never be wrong about my purchacing decisions, it has to be dell's fault. After using about $50 more minutes than my cell phone plan offers, I got Dell to send me a new refurbished laptop. The keys have stayed put on this one, but all the same problems as the last one.Now the good:Once you find all the quirks with the computer, you learn to live with them. Its the computer I bring to school with me because I'm too concerned about breaking a nice laptop. This thing refuses to die no matter what happens to it. It fell out of the back of my truck, I accidently shut it in the car door, ive dropped it in snow, soda and vodka have both been spilt into the keys, still refuses to die. One occasion, so much water was spilled on it, i literally tipped it on its side and poured water out of the USB port. After drying for a few days, only my wireless card got fried and therest works great. I have friends that have had one of these things happen to their laptop and had to get a new one. This is a downright horrible laptop, but at least I only had to buy one in 4+ years.

Dell studio 1555, purchased in 2009 for 650 dollars, 9-cell battery, maxed the ram.I hoped I am purchasing a good solid machine for 3 years to last. Did not.Within 6 months the HD failed. Lost data during final exam. It was hell.Screen developed vertical lines. Need new screen.All of a sudden, stopped turning on.I have an extended warranty, and under this "warranty" they asked me 400 (four hundred) for the repair!!!Needed a computer, bought a new Toshiba for the same money.I took DELL apart and found 2 broken wires. They connect the blink-blink power-on button to the MB. Every time you open the laptop these wires twist and finally break. This problem never happened with older computers. Dell invented a new way to fail the laptop. You pay the price for the flashy blink-blink button.I found a new power-on button for 4 dollars on the ebay! This fixed the 400 dollar repair under the "extended warranty" plan. A new screen can be bought for about 60. Set of hinges - 5 dollars. Dell is not what it used to be. Sorry.Did anyone notice, that DELL logo and Enron logo look the same? CROOKED "E".

Just got this computer today, so can't speak to its performance, but I can say that of the three laptops I have owned, this one is by far the loudest. It sounds like a jet plane taking off every time the fan cycles on, which seems to happen every minute or two. This is really distracting and disappointing for a thousand dollar computer. I wish I had known this before purchasing...I would never have gotten it.

I purchased this system in Hong Kong, planning to bring it the US for College. I also bought a 3-year international warranty for about US$50. The computer worked fine for one year, and then hell broke loose. First the battery refuses to hold a charge. If I plug in the computer overnight, the charge would still hold for only 50 minutes. Then the LED screen refuses to lit up when opened. I have to open and shut it for ten times before it finally registers that the screen is propped up. Lately the computer is also making loud, scratchy noises. I have tried to contact Dell to redeem my supposedly international warranty, but the database of Hong Kong and the US are not connected. You have to manually request to transfer your service tag to another country. I have tried three times doing that, and every time Dell emailed me back and say that my information cannot be verified. It doesn't help that each 'transfer' takes up to 22 days. I have concluded that Dell is not interested in honoring its warranty. Will never buy Dell again.

do not buy it!!!! it looks great, and probably would have worked great, had Dell not released this product before they fixed all the glitches. it is a disaster, and don't bother trying to "fix" or get a replacement. it is a dead end street with Dell.  the computer over heats and shuts off constantly. i have done a Google search (after i bought it! big mistake) and learned that this model being a lemon was a known fact in the tech world. there are literally hundreds of complaints on Dell's own customer boards. read them before you make a decision!! no more Dell for me- ever!

Update: 5/29/13 - HP will not help me get this broken laptop replaced in time for the business trip that I bought it for.  Even though it was already sent in for repair (under warranty) and they were unable to repair it, they are telling me that they have to try to repair it two more times before they can give me a replacement.  It's been a month without a laptop now and I need it for my trip, so I had no choice but to purchase ANOTHER laptop just 5 months after spending $1300 on this one.  I purchased a Samsung Series 7 and couldn't be happier with it so far.  Sharper screen (even though they are both 1080p), HOURS more battery life, USB 3.0 ports that actually work as USB 3.0 ports without having to search for strange drivers that I never actually found, much more accurate color out of the box, less fan noise, and an amazing trackpad that does not register my palm and move the cursor every time I type a sentence.  Most of all, it's not broken as this HP Spectre STILL is.  Go with a Samsung or Sony, or switch to Mac... HP is only pretending to sell high-end devices that they can't back up with the customer service a high-end consumer device deserves.  Full story of my problems are below in my last update:It's 5/24/13 and I've been trying to get this laptop fixed for weeks.  My laptop is a total lemon.4 months after purchasing this laptop for my work in photography and filmmaking, the screen began to go absolutely haywire.  It flickers, flashes, then gets stuck on screens of random lines and colors.  I'd barely used the laptop prior to this starting, as I own much more powerful PCs at home.  This is basically my business trip machine and I've only had to use it on one trip.  From my experience, it looks as if the graphics card is fried, however it works fine when attached to an external monitor, which leads me to believe that there is faulty wiring going to the display.2 weeks ago I began the warranty process with HP, sent the laptop to them for repair.  It came back with the note that all they did was reinstall Windows.  Now, with a fresh Windows install it is still unusable... absolutely nothing has changed.  Even before I installed a single program.  This is, and always was, a problem with the hardware.I called HP support again and they started a new warranty repair, but I am going on the exact business trip that I bought this laptop for next Sunday.  I will not even get the label to ship it to them until Tuesday.  They would get it Wednesday.  Then they'd have to ship it back, fixed, Thursday for me to get the laptop back in time.  Considering it took them 5 business days to reinstall Windows the last service call, I seriously doubt they will repair a hardware problem in one day.I'm at a loss of what to do at this point.  I was escalated to HP Corporate on the phone today and explained my situation.  I've been entirely polite, as I find that to be the best way to get things resolved with customer service.  I asked to ship the computer to them myself, today, without their label to make this go faster and they can't let me do that.  I asked for a loaner laptop while it is getting fixed and they can't do that.  I asked for an exchange for a refurbished unit and they can't do that.  I feel I am being completely reasonable here for a $1300 laptop that hasn't even survived 4 months of light use.  I bought this mostly for video editing on the road, but had not even done any video editing on it yet, so I am definitely not pushing the system yet.  I'm not asking for a refund, I'm just asking for my SECOND repair in a row to come with a loaner that I can use on my business trip!  I mean, it's been 19 days now without a laptop and we're just now starting the whole repair process over again.Corporate told me that they could send me a loaner if I had purchased a business laptop.  That basically they don't care that I need this laptop for business because it's a consumer laptop.  The problem is, I did plenty of research before purchasing this laptop and, at the time, they did not offer business laptops with 1080p IPS monitors, something I absolutely need so that I can color calibrate the screen and work on 1080p video.  This laptop has professional specs (that outclass their business machines) and a professional price (that is more expensive than most of their business machines) but needing it for business doesn't concern them.I own two HP desktop machines, each one costing over $2,000... an absurd amount for Windows PCs, but I really do need this stuff for business.  I am a designer, photographer, writer, and filmmaker.  Search my name on Amazon and you will find some of my cookbooks.  I have done the design and food photography for cookbooks with over 1 million copies in print.  Last year, I co-authored, designed, and photographed Great Food Fast, the 5th bestselling cookbook of the year.  I am also a filmmaker.  On June 4th, an award-winning movie I shot called "The Battery" will be released nationally by the same distributor as Super Size Me and Exit Through the Gift Shop.  The movie was entirely edited, sound mixed, and color corrected on HP computers.  My HP computers did the work of an entire post-production studio.  When it comes to design, photography, and filmmaking, I have to constantly defend my use of Windows PCs instead of the more industry accepted Macs, so I guess this is my lesson learned.Now, here I am, flying up to NY next week to promote the national release of my movie, and even after 19 days dealing with HP, I won't have a laptop to bring with me.  I need to go up there to film and then edit commercials and promotional material requested by the press and my only option is to buy an entirely new laptop to do this... leaving myself with a $1300 paperweight that I'd be lucky to sell used for $800 if an when it ever got fixed.  Quite honestly, I'd be afraid to sell it used, as I don't want to be responsible if and when it simply broke again for the next sad sack who purchases it from me.Stay far, far away from this model... and I'd say to stay far away from HP if you expect a working device, or at least a warranty repair to take any less than a month.  I'm still holding out hope that HP will read this and look up my case, under the name Christian Stella.  But, seeing as I already have a caseworker (Diana) at the highest level of customer service, and she can't do anything to help me, I'm sure I'm simply screwed.Quite honestly, I feel like filming myself taking a hammer to this piece of crap, since I won't even be able to use it for the first thing I actually need to use it for.  I have no confidence in their repair technicians after the last repair resulted in them simply reinstalling Windows, something I could have done myself.You can search YouTube for "Christian Stella Spectre Touchsmart" if you want to see how bad my issues with this laptop are.

I purchased this laptop because of it's sleek design and touch screen. Everything was great the first couple of hours. Then I powered it down and left it to charge over night. When I came back to it, I noticed that the power adapter light was still orange. I powered on the laptop, and the battery charge was stuck at 11%. I unplugged it, plugged it back in, even changed power outlets, nothing worked.I checked the reviews to see if anyone else had this problem, and read a few complaints about the screen coming off of the bezel. When I checked mine, sure enough, same issue on the bottom left of the screen. I sent it back to Amazon and decided to try my luck on a second one.When I powered on the second laptop, the first thing I noticed was a dead pixel. My first thought was "You've got to be kidding me!" Then I checked the screen, and it was coming out of the bezel on the bottom right.Doesn't HP check these things before they ship out? I'm shocked that a laptop this expensive has these types of manufacturing defects. I sent the second one back and will wait until later this year when the Intel Haswell Ultrabooks come out. Hopefully there will be a nice ASUS Ultrabook since I doubt I will be buying another HP product any time soon.

Update:  It just keeps getting worse.  After getting the repaired computer back and beginning to reload software, the USB ports stopped working.  HP was unable to troubleshoot remotely, so I once again packed up my new computer (which is not even two months old) and sent it back again.  It has now been 11 days since HP has had my computer.  I am told it was repaired, but then failed again in their testing.  They refuse to send me a new computer and will not tell me when they will be able to fix my defective computer. I spent over $1,200 for this computer and have gotten no productive use from it.I have had my computer for about 1 month, and am extremely disappointed in both the overall quality and in HP's horrible service and support.  I was initially pleased with the Touchsmart's high quality screen and relatively light weight.  However, in the first week of use I noticed intermittent distortion in the sound quality.  After verifying the problem occurred regardless of the audio source, I called HP technical support and was told that I needed to download updated drivers, which I had already done, but none the less followed the instructions of the HP rep.  This did not solve the problem, so I called HP tech support several more times and went through several more rounds of trouble shooting.  Finally , I reached a more knowledgeable rep who informed me that the distorted sound was a known issue with the Spectre Touchsmart sound card, and the only solution was to ship my notebook back to HP to have the sound card replaced.  I specifically informed them to not re-image or remove any of the software that I had installed on this notebook, but they disregarded my instructions and re-imaged the hard drive wiping out my Windows Pro upgrade, Microsoft Office and several other software packages that I have not been able to reinstall.  This was completely unnecessary to replace a sound card.The negatives of this notebook (defective sound card, horrible customer service, poor batter life) far outweigh the positives (good screen size and resolution relative to weight).  Bottom line, I strongly recommend you consider better options that the HP Spectre Touchsmart.  Why would you want to buy a product with a known issue with the sound card and poor customer support to back it up.

Love the Laptop but I bought for my wife and need W8.1 as it has a start button and looks more Windows 7 like.  HP is telling me W8.1 is garbage and do not update and just stay with Windows 8.  This is not an acceptable answer and I am working with a HP case manager to resolve matter.

When I received this laptop the right USB 2.0 port was not functioning and after 3 days of use the screens display stopped working

Laptop is far too sensitive, I regularly "fat finger" and swipe off of what I am working on.Also the WIFI connectivity is inconsistent and often problematic (sometimes I have to reboot multiple times to reconnect to the internet.

Absolutely unsolvable DPC/latency spikes with this machine. When I say that I spent well over a month troubleshooting and tweaking the OS to resolve the problem, I mean it. Nothing worked. I even installed Windows 7 on there, so the same deplorable results. DO NOT BUY for DJ use. I bought a MacBook Pro and am happily running Windows 7 on it.For details, see my post at the Native Instruments Traktor forum:[...]

This is laptop look amazing and that about it. For $1200 it has so many negative things that i would be disappointed even if it was $600.First the fan noise! It is absolutely ridiculous how fast fan starts working and how nosiy it is. Even after regural internet surfing more than 5 minutes it starts "working" and the noise is like an old refrigerator. I can't imagine what would be if you want to play some game. It does cools down at some point but after 4 minute of normal word processing it starts again like you are playing some demanded game. Unacceptable!!Although the touchscreen is nice the screen actually sticks out of the frame?? One part of bottom screen is not insert into plastic! Like it is some copycat brand device or something.Even though i am not an Apple fan, touch pad is sooo far from any apple device.Otherwise if you disregard those major faults, laptop is good for what is worth. Nothing special, just good, and good looking.

I purchased the spectre xt touchsmart primarily because it was one of the only 15" laptops that had a thunderbolt port.  I work in an office with mostly mac users and only have access to apple thunderbolt displays.  As soon as I got the laptop, the first thing I did was plug it into the display.  It did not work.  I shipped the unit back and got a second one.  That one also did not work.  After another two weeks going back and forth with HP support, they told me the apple thunderbolt display was incompatible with the spectre xt touchsmart.  This is despite the fact it works with most other windows machines with thunderbolt ports that I have found [...]Other users have similar problems with thunderbolt devices.  If you are buying this laptop for its thunderbolt port, I would stay far away until HP comes up with a fix, if its even possible.The USB 3.0 port was also shipped with non-functional drivers.  If you plug in a USB 3 device, it stops the port from working.  It works fine with USB 2.0.  This can be fixed by installing the intel windows 7 USB driver though.  This is suppose to be HPs highest end notebook and it speaks really  poorly of HPs quality control that they would ship a device with so many obvious flaws.Aside from the thunderbolt issues and horrible battery life (~2 hours under my normal usage)  The laptop is otherwise great.  The build quality is good, its quite fast, especially since I got the SSD version.

tl;dr this laptop is terrible, don't buy it.This laptop was terrible. I purchased it at a retail Microsoft Store because I do UI art/production art work for a Microsoft Vendor and I wanted a laptop with an IPS display. To it's credit, the display did look really good (albeit glossy, but pretty much all IPS displays are). From day one, I was having some weird performance issues that are hard to describe and difficult to recreate. I'll explain:When playing a song or watching a video, the song or video will periodically stutter. Say if a singer is singing, for example, they'll artificially "hold" the note just a wee bit longer. It happens really fast--like less than a second--but it's obviously long enough and frequent enough to notice. The frequency of the stutter varied. Sometimes the computer cooperated and it wouldn't occur at all in a single sitting. Other times it was unbearable, stuttering several times in the span of a few seconds. These performance stutters would even effect video games or production applications, like Google SketchUp or Adobe Premiere. Not even audio-recording was safe; after playing back a voiceover sample I would come across portions of the audio track where syllables in dialog were missing--they would just skip about randomly.At first I tried to shrug the performance issues off. I had figured maybe Windows 8 was journaling the hard drive for a while or something, and that eventually performance would level-off. I was wrong. The straw that broke the camel's back was when I casually restarted the computer simply as a routine restart. I got up to get a glass of water and when I came back it hadn't rebooted. Just a black screen. I waited a while and eventually hard-booted it, which then returned the computer to a System Restore bootup process. What?! I chose a System Restore point that was only a few days old, and while it seemed to work I got an error message. Once back in Windows, my Microsoft Office stopped working. It told me that I didn't have a licensed version of the software, and that I would have to log back into my Office365 account. Even after successfully logging in and verifying, closing-and-relaunching the Office app as instructed incurred the same error/unlicensed responses. So it remembered nothing.I returned this POS laptop to Microsoft and had them do an extensive hardware diagnostic, and to my shock they reported that they found nothing physically wrong/defective with the laptop. They graciously offered me an exchange, so I am returning this thing and going with a different brand.

Very bad hp touch smart. Do not believe hp, it's very very bad quality and design. Overheating and damn performance.

My first major complaint with the laptop is Windows 8.  After giving it a while, I've decided that it isn't just a learning curve - I hate it.  Unfortunately HP does not support downgrading to 7, and attempting to do it myself seems to have completely bricked the machine (the restore process hung and now the "startup" screen won't even come up.)  I'll waste a bunch of time with HP tech support, but I just wish I had not foolishly tried another HP laptop.

The next gen X1 Carbon is sleek and fast system with an amazing display - it's two steps forward and one step back for the platform.  The first problem is they messed with the keyboard - and the touch point.While the liquid crystal display for the function keys seems like a great idea, in practice it's awful for touch typing, The switch key is right next to the escape key, and because the switch key for the LCD function key is a touch key, brushing that key while you are access the ESC key mean that LCD function keys will have change their function. Meaning the next time you reach for F2 to change a file name, or F4 to repeat a change, you will change the volume or some other unintended result. Now you have stop, look at the function pad, see that what mode it's in and change mode back to function key mode and proceed, every time you access the function key row. In the OLD world, with the Fn key, you could press two key at the same time (one effective key stroke) to change the screen brightness, turn on the keyboard light etc. Now it take some random interval between one, if you are in the right function mode, to three to scroll through the function key modes to get to the right key pad. I used to be a brain surgeon with a laser scalpel with the X series now Lenovo has just handed me an blunt axe.The LCD function key pad is just annoying however and I could probably learn to slow down and look at the LCD pad to see what mode it was in and toggle through the modes to get the one that I wanted. Even though the Fx key are used 95% of the time. The other fluffily keys not so much. However they did the forgivable, they messed with my beloved Touch Point. They took away the tactile REAL left and right mouse keys and replaced them with a touch sensitive pad. The virtual touch areas are not definite enough, and I can't find the right mouse key without looking for it, once I have found it, it takes much more physical force to make it right key click because you have depress the that corner of the keypad, rather than the mouse key that had the same spring tension as the keyboard key. I want a real mouse key, that is light, tactile and responsive. Clearly they did not ask Touch Point users to test this system.The rest of the platform is brilliant - you could say they turned the X1 into an Apple Mac from an design standpoint - and that is good and bad. However, if I wanted a Mac I would have bought one. I wanted the best keyboard that human kind had ever touched, with keys just the right spacing and key spring weight. With a touch point that I don't have to stop and take my hands from the keyboard to use. They broke that and now I will have to return my Limited Offer "20A70037US" Next Gen Carbon X1.

I've been a Thinkpad user for almost 20 years and one of the main reasons for sticking with them is the trackpoint and the placement of the mouse buttons. It makes the laptop very useable while traveling or when getting stuck in a tight space on a plane. However, when they integrated the buttons into the touch pad, it become uncomfortable since you have to apply extra force to click a button.I never like touchpads so I disabled it as soon as I got the laptop. As a side note, if you only disable it in Windows, it only applies to your login, meaning that it becomes enabled when you're at the login screen. So you need to disable touchpad in the BIOS instead.Back to mouse buttons. Now the margin of error increases since 3/4 of the touchpad represents the left button. If you rest your palm while typing, you're going to have a high chance of touching it by accident. It's just not a pleasant experience.Now let's talk about the keyboard, it's still very comfortable to type on. But I don't know who made the decision to change the layout - The caplock key splits into Home and End keys. And the Backspace key splits into a Backspace key and a Delete key. The function keys now become a row of touch-sensitive dynamic keys. This makes the life harder for those of us who rely heavily on the keyboard. e.g. If you want to do Alt-F4 to close a window, you need to make sure that the soft keys are showing the functions keys or you won't have a F4 button to hit. So what about the volume and brightness? Well, it's not there if you're using function keys. It's in another set of soft keys!I got the touch version simply because that's the only way to get the 2560x1440 screen. It's a laptop no matter how you try to convince others otherwise. I'd not want to have smudges on the screen by swiping my fingers on it. But then it doesn't impede how I use my laptop so I'm not going to complain about it.Overall, it's just not a good initial impression.4/29/2014 -Here's an update of how things are going with this laptop after using it for almost 2 months:The good:- Still loving the screen, the weight and the CPU performance.The bad:- Adaptive keyboards just DON'T WORK. They're not responsive and you don't always get the keys you want without cycling through the soft keys. The fact that volume control keys are soft keys means that if you play some video/music that's unexpectedly loud, you might have to scramble to mute it. First you need to check if it's in the soft keys. If not, cycle to the one with volume control and mute it. Besides, volume keys don't work always work for some reason and sometimes you need to click on another window before you can change the volume. Seriously?!?- No alt-printscr. Yes, there's this snipping tool but again it's in one of the soft keys. And yes, there's this Alt-Fn-T shortcut, but it's capturing the whole screen instead of a window.- Touchpad buttons don't work well for trackpoint users. If you're a trackpoint user, your thumb would naturally be resting near the middle button area. If you need to left click, you move your thumb a little bit to the left and click. But since these buttons are all integrated into the touchpad, the accuracy decreases significantly - meaning that you don't always get the button click that you want. I don't know how many times that I wanted a right click and got a left click, or a right click but got a middle button instead.- Backspace/delete keys. I don't mishit these keys now, mainly because I'm making conscious effort to avoid the mistake or I would have deleted something without knowing it. Still totally unacceptable to change the keyboard layout like this.- Caps lock when double-tapping the shift key. I thought it was okay but in reality it's activated unknowingly when I'm organizing a folder of files using shift-right-click.The verdict remains the same. I will NOT buy another Thinkpad with this ridiculous keyboard/trackpad design.

I am a power windows user and have been looking for a light weight Ultrabook comparable to the MacBook Pro that I could use as a near desktop replacement.  Given how rave the reviews are for the MacBook Pro, it has been harder and harder to justify not switching to the MBP, but who has time to learn all the nuances of the Mac and I use a lot of Excel and QuickBooks, which don't play nice with Mac.  Thus, I was very excited to learn about this computer.  Its actually lighter than the MacBook Pro and comparable in most respects except the screen is a little lower Res.  I ordered one of the first Models with the 500 GB Solid State Drive in late Feb.  I got it March 14th and it completely died on May 8th - 55 days start to finish for a $2,400 computer (with all the bells and whistles).  Sorry Lenovo, but I expect better than this.Apparently, it failed to turn itself off after I turned it off and left my office one night and it got too hot.  This is interesting, because I have left it on all night before with no problems.  In fact, I have been impressed at how little heat it generates while operating.  When I got there in the morning, it was non-responsive .  I was able to finally turn it off by unplugging it and holding the off button for a long time.  After letting it cool down, I turned it on again, but the whole thing shorted out and it is now completely dead - totally non-responsive, except the keyboard backlights are flashing at me every 3 seconds.  Definitely a short of some kind.I always buy Lenovo's premium on-site warranty that guarantees on site service within 24 hours,  However, much to my Chagrin, Lenovo was unable to get someone here.  Thus, I would give this Computer and Lenovo's Warranty Service Negative five stars if I could.  I have been a dedicated Think Pad user for 20 years and the quality has definitely gone down since Lenovo bought the business.  This is the straw that broke the Camel's back for me.  I am heading over to the Apple Store to do what I should have done originally.  I have friends with Mac Books that are seven years old and they have never had problems.  I haven't gotten more than three years from a ThinkPad in a long time.Incidentally, I was talking to the Lenovo Warranty Dept today and they said they are starting to get a lot of calls on these.  I would stay away.  Its not worth the frustration.By the way, I also completely agree with the other reviewers.  The Keyboard is huge giant step backwards.  If you still buy this computer after reading this review, be advised that you will be really frustrated unless you have an external keyboard.  The slightest touch on the adaptive keyboard sends you into Adaptive Keyboard hell and destroys your productivity. and putting the end and back keys where the cap locks key used to be is just stupid.

Within 3 days out of the box my new X1 crashed. I submitted it, as directed by Lenovo support, to Lenovo's authorized service center for resolution. They informed me that a memory fault was the cause. Over the past 3 weeks, I was informed that the necessary part was on back order and most recently, the service center is now awaiting approval for a replacement.  I have been a long-time Lenovo fan and was initially pleased with the X1's features and performance, unfortunately, the system's failure and now the dismal service rendered by the Lenovo authorized service center has soured me toward Lenovo.

I've had this laptop since Christmas, and would gladly give it away if it hadn't been a gift.  Great screen, great battery-life, and a big Zero on everything else.  This review is for straight usage, not gaming.  As a middle-aged person with big hands and dwindling eyesight, I found this laptop almost unusable, mostly because of the keyboard (never mind Windows 8).  The glare from the screen shadows the black keyboard.  The fonts and numbers are microscopic and poorly printed on the keys, and barely visible even in a good light pouring over my shoulder.  Per the usual laptop keyboard, the Delete key is not conveniently nearby, but as been reduced to a half-key squeezed beside the Home key and Print Screen.  I do tons of straight copy writing, and find it irritating in the extreme to constantly hit the Home or Print Screen key by accident when trying to edit something.  Someone else mentioned the fingerprints and smears, and the exasperating Touch Pad, which seems to vary hourly on how much pressure to use.  It has features which seem to tie in with a Touch screen but this computer does not have a Touch screen, so those features also operate independently.  A light accidental brush gives you 900X zoom, but it takes four hard taps to open an App.Oh yeah, if you love apps, this comes loaded.  I don't have that kind of time to waste, and uninstalled 97% of them.  The simple act of turning it off, without sleeping or hibernating (which is the default, i.e., the irritating white light that blinks all night long) you have to "grab" the right side of the screen, bring up the "Charms" (that had to be a twenty year old that came up with that crap), click on Settings, Go down to blah blah blah,...click on blah blah, and you might get the blasted thing shut down before breakfast.  I've owned every brand of laptop since a primitive Atari back in the 80s, and it seems like they are getting more into the glitz factor instead of actual efficient work-horses.  If you're young with 20/20 vision and never use a Delete key, this one may work for you.  If you're middle-aged, find a real one to check out the keyboard first.

Original Review Made On August 2010 after one month of using: (originally one star)Original Title: "Too Many Hardware Problems"After purchasing this laptop, I discovered that there were missing dell drivers.  So I had to install all of them right out of the box.  When the headphone or speaker cable is plugged in the laptop, sound still came from the speaker on occasion.  So it required some immediate driver updates.  The speaker sound is horrible compared to other laptops (non-Dell), so you better always use speakers or headphones.  I'm not going write any comments about the OS because that's not what the review refers to.More audio problems:  screencasting does not allow recording from the speakers, only from the microphone, but I need both, because I make many tutorials, how-to videos, and presentations for work.  After reading about many other people having the same problem as me, I discovered it is because of the Dell hardware and drivers.  It turns out all Dell computers have this problem, except the Studio line of computers.  This is not a Windows 7 problem at all, the OS works just the way it's supposed to.  If I knew this very powerful laptop can't do something as simple as screencasting, I would have never purchased this laptop.  So I'm currently using an external USB sound card and it works just fine with Windows 7.  I can't blame Microsoft for the design of the OS, I can only blame Dell for using shoddy hardware when building the computer.  This was my first and last personal computer by Dell.  I have always used HP before this computer for home use.New Updated Review Made On October 2012: (now two stars)After first purchasing the laptop, nothing was functioning right as well as lots of junk software pre-installed, so I had to re-install Windows 7 (which I always do on new computers) on the brand new computer; this was two years ago. I recently re-installed Windows 7, three months ago, and re-partitioned the hard drive over the summer and after getting everything set up the way I want, it seems to be working optimally. It was a pain to get the sound drivers to work right again (sound drivers seem to always be a problem on Dell computers), especially the ability to record from the wave-out function while screencasting, so you have to be willing to fiddle around with different software for it to work right. For some reason, after using a second sound card software and hardware, that fixed the problem with the original soundcard, so be prepared to get upset with this "scumbag" computer, but it should work eventually after tinkering with it. After two years of using it, the battery only holds a one hour charge and I have always allowed the battery to charge and discharge on it's own daily and nightly. Other than that, the computer runs just fine.  The speakers in the computer have always been lousy, so always use headphones or a real speaker system. After reinstalling the OS, video games seem to be running great on this computer as well.  Dual operating systems running via VirtualBox seem to keep up with the amount of memory and cpu power without slowing down.  Since this is a two year old computer, I would suggest to find a more powerful computer for this same cost or less cost, which is completely possible as of now."It is not so much using a Dell, as it is tricking it or fooling it into doing what it is you really want it to do." --Hunter Cressall.

I bought an inspiron 1764 from dell.  When the microwave gets turned on my internet is lost.  Never happened with my Toshiba!!  First off, I will say that Dell customer service is the worst!!!  Never have I seen such bad service.  I complained to the BBB and they sent out a technician with a new wireless card but we spent 2 hours trying to download the driver.  Then the technician came out again and they sent the same damn wireless card and we had the same damn problem!!!  They wanted to leave that card in my laptop and then have me call their software division to get it working...Since I knew how incompetent dell was I said no!!  When I tried to call them back they said the person I was speaking to would call them back and I never heard from him!!!  If you want to risk buying a laptop from dell with very bad customer service, then I wish you the best.  My Toshiba was a great laptop and have heard people praise Toshiba and people say the same about dell as I have!!!

don't buy Came with our drivers.. would not connect to internet without a hassle and searching for drivers was not internet ready.. not a complete product..dont Buy

I own this laptop but I didn't buy it on amazon, i bought it direct from Dell.It is 11 months old and it's the worst piece of trash I've ever bought.  There are habitual hardware failures and the google chrome link can "never be found."  The letters have worn off over HALF of the keys on the keyboard (good thing I can type and it's boyfriend proof since he needs to see the letters to push them) and yesterday, the left click key broke.  I now need an external mouse and if you don't know how to type, you need an external keyboard.  The USB jack is profoundly sensitive to the slightest motion which screws up my printer.  This is trash and Dell's customer service is worse than ever.  Shop for anything but Dell.  I am about to look for a new laptop (not even a year old!) and it will not be Dell.

Don't buy this machine. With some research you will see it has a chronic problem with screen failures. Mine failed after 2 year and wasn't worth fixing even though I had invested $600 originally in it (new machines are faster and have warranty and repair for this would be $175-$300 depending upon whether it was the motherboard or the LCD. STAY AWAY FROM DELL JUNK!

First off this computer was a gift after mine broke mine was a hp that was only 300 dollars new and it could run any game or app on low but this dell is about 800 dollars and cant run any game i have at lowest settings even minecraft AT ITS LOWEST settings cant get more than 20fps and for all who dont know thats really bad so if you want a computer for office use dont spend 800 dollars on this over priced piece of crap.

First, like macbook, I got the flickering effect from the first day when I disconnected it from the charging cable. This is understandable because the battery is not powerful enough.Second, GTX 860m in this labtop is suppose to have better performance than GTX675m in my Samsung Gamer 7, however, this laptop lags A LOT when I tried to play medal of honor warfighter in low settings.It even lagged when I tried to play SWAT 4, which is not even a high end game! The system message said that I don't have enough graphic memory space.My direct X is the most recent one. And it says that It is using GTX860m graphics not onboard intel graphics. I don't know what the problem is.In brief summary, DON'T buy this. Especially if you expect high performance gamer.

I bought this computer about 6 weeks ago and was pleased with it and the specs impressed my geek son so I thought I made a good choice.  A few weeks later I was using the computer while it was charging.  I went to unplug the cord so I could move to another location and a little piece of plastic came out with the cord connector.  After that the cord felt very loose in the jack opening which is located on one end of the display hinge and the power button is on the other end glowing in various colors to reflect the state of the computer.  At first I thought this was a cool design but the placement and the cheap plastic fitting now mean that my laptop might become unchargable and useless after a few weeks of use.  My daughter came home for Christmas and showed me her new laptop--the same model as mine which she bought based on my initial impression. I cautioned her about my problem and when I examined her computer I saw cracks in the plastic around the charging connection and two days later she was in tears because her $1400 purchase was falling apart after three weeks of use.  Little pieces of black plastic were coming out each time she unplugged the charger and now hers is worse than mine because the cord does not make contact and falls right out so she cannot charge it at all.  I have found other users online who claim Sony will not replace this part (which clearly is poorly designed and cheaply made as my sample of two indicates) because Sony claims the damage is caused by the user.  Neither of us dropped or abused these brand new expensive laptops, I can assure you.  This is my third Vaio and I have never had to return or repair one before so I will see how Sony treats a loyal customer.  The connection in question was metal on the earlier versions.  Hopefully I will be able to report a positive and happy ending.

I had this laptop for about 6 months then the HDD failed, no big deal, but do to lack of driver support from sony's website i never got the laptop to run like it did when i first got it. HUGE WAS OF MONEY. The wanted me to pay something like $300 to send me a recovery cd!!!!!  The charging port also works intermittently. I ended up buying a 13inch Macbook Pro and I've never looked back.

I bought my Sony Vaio 9 months ago with an extended warranty. It worked well for 6 months until one day the speakers completely died on me.I have spent the next 3 months trying to get Sony to repair the laptop for me. I spent the first month just on the phone, trying to convince tech support that my computer had had a hard drive failure. Over the next month-and-a-half they had three appointments where they sent people over to repair my computer. The first time they replaced the speakers, the second time they replaced the motherboard and the third time they replaced the sound card. All three attempts were unsuccessful; the sound still did not work.My computer is now at a repair center. I have no computer (I had to borrow someone else's computer to write this review).This is my experience with Sony Vaio. Maybe you'll have a better one. Who knows?

I purchased a Toshiba Satellite S55t Laptop Computer recently.  The computer is mostly fine.  The one weakness I noticed that the battery was only holding charge for an hour or so.  I called Toshiba tech support to get a new part, since my computer is still under warranty.  Everything went wrong with this call.  I had to speak with two people, giving them the same verification info before I got a rep to talk to me.  Then did he ever talk.  Wow.  His first language wasn't English, so he didn't know how to spell the word "request," which is part of my email.  I had to repeat it several times.  Then he put me on hold three separate times to ask someone else the answer to my question.  He wanted to continue with troubleshooting that included turning my computer off and on, with the same hesitancy and time-consuming nonsense.  I finally said "Just send me the part.  I have stuff to do and can't waste any more on this."  He then told me he'd be sending me a link that I could use to order the part myself.  Couldn't he have offered this as an option up front? The call in total took 28 minutes.  So I went to the link and ordered the part.  Guess what?  Even though my computer is still under warranty, I have to pay $144 up front to assure return of my old battery, refundable upon return.  We all know that I'm bound for another hassle if the return doesn't get recorded.  Most people will return them even if there's no charge.  And what do these things costs to manufacture?  A buck tops?  So guess what?  They've just insured they get back a part worth a buck, and in the process created ill will toward their products because their customer service is so terrible.  On every level they created ill will.  I like this laptop but support is such a pain that I probably won't buy a Toshiba product again.Customer service is a pain the butt that stops your workflow in the best of situations.  Customer service is something that should be almost invisible to the user.  Users want contact with a human being.  They want this person to be able to use English fluently (or Spanish, or whatever language the support is in).  They want this person to be trained to independently solve all common problems.  I would think that getting replacement parts would be a very common problem.  And they want it to be fast, because the failure of a purchase to perform is something you don't (and shouldn't have to) anticipate.  So any time spent resolving this is a hassle.  Then it would be nice if they value their customers enough to send out a replacement part without saying "I don't trust you."  Just my opinion.

This product is a total waste of money. It's unable to complete windows upgrades (which it will try to do more or less very time you turn it on). The audio is crap. It's just a poorly designed laptop.

I purchased this laptop towards the end of 2010. At that time, Lenovo was bundling the laptop with Windows 7 OS. When I upgraded with the Windows 7 OS copy that Lenovo sent to me, my battery stopped working.I contacted Lenovo several times to resolve the issue. Their technicians at first denied the existence of the problem (even though many people have encountered this issue), then later upon subsequent calls stated they did not know what the problem is. They ran me through circles of updating firmware, power drivers, etc. but nothing worked. All this time I could only use my laptop while it was plugged into an outlet, no real mobility could be achieved with it. Whats the point of a laptop then?Luckily for the miserly geniuses that work at [communist] Chinese owned and operated Lenovo,  my warranty expired shortly thereafter. I call again later hoping the evil geniuses have 'figured out' the problem and they now want to charge me approximately $60 to diagnose as I am out of warranty.Please take a moment to read their forums before you purchase.My laptop has buttons that have popped off, a hinge that is broken, and trim work that is broken. Its truly a piece of crap laptop and I'm an IT expert that has used: Toshibas, Dells, HPs, Macs, etc. and have NEVER, EVER seen such a poorly built laptop. Even the keys feel cheap. I should have not purchased this without testing it out at the store first, I got performance/price greedy and liked the hardware specs.NOT WORTH IT. NEVER BUY A LENOVO.

I've had this laptop for awhile now, and I have to say it is mostly useless.First off here is what is wrong with the design:Lid does not open back far enough.Lid can not be opened with one hand.Having esata/usb/ethernet split between both sides of the laptop makes for an uncomfortable experience.Hardware crippled by lenovo --- where's the core2 virtualization tech?Maybe it's just me but the wireless is weak also, much MUCH better off getting a usb adapter.Secondly it's entire life my machine has been plagued by spooky crashes and lockups from myriad causes. In general this computer has never been stable enough for me to trust it for any other use but web browsing and the ilk.I still like the thinkpads (this ideapad sucks all around though), but this is my last lenovo for no other reason then they sell crippled hardware - not cool, I paid for the cpu let me use it.

This is one of the most horrible laptops I have ever used/seen. I still prefer to use my 5 year old HP Laptop over this one.- The touchpad is sooooo frustrating. It sometimes gets too sensitive and sometime would not respond. I have tried different settings but to no avail.- What can I say about the boot time. I power it up and can go around for few minutes and it wouldn't boot up completely when I return.- The keyboard layout is weird. You would find keys that you would hardly use easier to reach. But the ones you need always, are hard to find.- The keys are very flimsy.I wish could return this. Never buy it, it's a BIG WASTE OF MONEY.

For the first few months, I was very pleased with my order through Lenovo.  After a few weeks, I realized that the touch pad is too sensitive..sometimes it doesn't even work at all!  Another thing that frustrates me about this laptop is the screen!  Its way too flimsy! I dislike this laptop! I'll never buy from Lenovo again.

Before I launch into my vindictive diatribe, I would like to say that perhaps I am in error. Perhaps I did not take better care of my computer (although I doubt it, since my previous laptop from Acer lasted me a good 4.5 years, all through my undergraduate career, and had been subject to much more battering than this laptop), or that I should have been more sensitive to this computer's needs, but at this point, I am very convinced that I will never buy a laptop from Lenovo again. This is my first review, possibly my only review ever, but my experience with Lenovo has been so bad that I think you deserve a warning.Service Issues:1) Lenovo messed up my online order. I'm not even sure how this is possible. First, they said my CC did not get authorized. I called my bank. They said they authorized it. Lenovo denied it again. Lenovo told my bank to call them so they can work things out. Convoluted things happen. They do so, and I receive my laptop. Unfortunately, I'm charged twice for the same laptop, and Lenovo sends me a two copies of the same laptop. I try sending the first one back, but they do not give me a warning when the person will come to pick it up. Because of the nature of my job, I cannot simply just wait around all day waiting for the mailman. I hold unto the laptop. (my mistake)2) I finally call Lenovo again to send in the extra laptop. They give me a code. I put it on the box, go to the UPS store and ship it in. A few weeks later, I get a notice saying that the shipment never arrived. I call, they look into it; apparently, they received a box without anything in it. At this point, exasperation ensues. How is that even possible? They file a missing box/shipment. The issue is, to my knowledge, still unresolved.Now, onto the laptop itself.1) Webcam breaks within 3 weeks. It picks up light, but monochromatically. Not worth using. (It was good when it worked though)2) Battery breaks down within 5 months. Laptop recognizes that battery is plugged in, but does not use it. I've been told that because the battery isn't part of the warranty, I have to pay for it myself. Fine. I'll do it once I finish my project and don't need a laptop. (FYI, you need to send in this computer back to Lenovo so they can fix it. You will be laptopless for a while, not sure how long since I cannot send it in until after one of my projects is completed. But, still a major major inconvenience.)3) Sound quality is terrible. The laptop sound system crackles often, and although it is loud, the incessant sound fuzz is just enough to just have me plug in my iPod instead directly into the laptop itself. I am not an audiophile, so people with more refined auditory systems might be really repulsed by the sound.3) As a minor pro, in contrast to the major cons, it IS a fairly light laptop. However, there is a great sense of fragility to this laptop, and does not feel at all sturdy. After my webcam and battery breaking, I'm just afraid that this machine is going to break down completely. I've stopped carrying it around as much, and have relegated it as a desktop-laptop, which of course, completely gets rid of the very idea of having a portable laptop in the first place.Conclusion:I wish my experience with Lenovo had been more positive, that they could get the order right in the first place, and that this laptop was not so fragile. Overall, there seems to be better options available, so I recommend you look elsewhere first. I wasn't suckered into buying this laptop; I thought it would be genuinely good. I do like that they put in Windows 7, that the processor is fast, the RAM quick, the keyboard "clicky". But, my personal experience with Lenovo has been so bad that I just cannot in good conscience recommend this laptop.

Don't waste your money.  Computer itself works well but has 2 major flaws.  1st one is the driver for the wireless card goes out on a regular basis & you have to keep reinstalling it in order to get wifi.  If you call customer support (even in the first week after purchase) they will tell you it is a software issue & not even walk you through how to fix it.  Google provides good instructions, so you can get past that.Worst problem is the case is made from cheap plastic.  4 months after purchase we noticed the sides of the screen were separating slightly.  After a couple of weeks, the hinge just snapped & there is now a 1 inch gap between the screen & the back of the laptop exposing the delicate computer components.  Our laptop is less than 6 months old & is sitting at the Toshiba warranty center right now.  They want $502.58 to fix what should be warrantied.  The laptop has never been dropped or mistreated in any way & Toshiba refuses to back up their product.  We even took pictures before mailing it in to prove that there were no dents, scratches or anything to indicate mistreatment.If you google toshiba laptop problems, although this model doesn't come up yet (it will eventually), you will see that the hinge problem has been an issue with them for years.  Save your money & stick with the established brands.  Most important, make sure your new laptop does not have a plastic case.

Research the documented motherboard issue on the HP Pavilions before you buy!!!!  I thought for many years that HP was a trusted reliable brand.  I spent $1200 on this HP just to find out 13 months in that there is a motherboard issue.  This unit overheats easily (often without you being aware) and you will lose your motherboard (and your investment will be lost). The dv7 has the same overheating/motherboard problem that the other pavilion dv series exhibits.  If you buy the unit anyway (or have already purchased) watch carefully for signs of problems BEFORE the 1 year warranty expires.  Motherboard problems can present initially as odd issues such as power problem (powering off, turning off while booting up, etc).  ALWAYS use laptops on a hard surface.  In this case using a cooling surface didn't prevent the problem but often this can help you avoid issues.  Good luck!

Basically what happens is this laptop works amazingly for about a year, then all sorts of problems start showing up right after the warranty expires, and HP then charges you out the ass to fix. Major problem I ran into was the overheating: the vents aren't directly over the GPU or CPU, and so if there's any sort of dust build up AT ALL, or lack of a cooling pad for too long, the whole thing overheats and basically just melts itself. This obviously requires you to replace the motherboard, which HP will do for you for about $400. Second issue, which I just recently ran into EVEN AFTER GETTING THE MOBO REPLACED, is that the power connector on the motherboard is awful. If you torque the power cord while it's plugged in, it'll pop loose on the inside, and your laptop will no longer be able to receive power from an external source: meaning you have until your battery is dead to backup and save everything on your laptop. Still trying to sort out this most recent issue, but I would have to recommend people who expect a laptop to last more than a year (as I hope most people would), steer clear of this model.

My DV7 lasted 15 months before it started failing to recognize the power adapter.  This is a chronic problem with the HP DV series.  HP offered me the opportunity to spend $400 to replace the motherboard.Google this laptop before buying, and be aware of the problems others have experienced.

Much to late probably to help anyone,,except that to add to what all the one star raters are saying.  It is true,,the dv7's are overheating and having battery issues.  I replaced the hard drive on mine after only 8 months.  The reason people are seeing 4 stars on  reviews is that these computers work well when they are working and most are first time reactions or new purchase reviews.  I was very pleased with the performance of mine,,which I payed 800 for at military store.  My graphics card was only 500mb on my model but the chassis and designs must be very similar with the dv7's across the board because right now mine is sitting on my living room floor fried after loud fan noises and shutting down from overheating.  At one time I was able to keep the laptop on by placing it over a pan of ice,,,eventually this did not work either.  Not going to purchase HP again.  Bought My daughter a Samsung laptop 3 months after mine in 2011 and it is still going strong,,

The computer functioned great at first but after a year or so the computer developed multiple problems.-loud fan issues-constant errors-overheating-battery life was near non existentOverall I wouldn't recommend this computer. It is fast and functions at first but will crap out on you.

Why I wouldn't buy this PC again.Like all electronics, just because it happens to one, does not mean it will happen to everyone. I know that I'm not stupid, but a fair amount of things have happened to this PC that make me raise an eyebrow at it's hardware.Issues (in order-)1. The ac adapter died.After 11 months of good computer service, my adapter died. The replacement was roughly $95.002. The fan broke.After a year and a half (from the time I bought it) the fan broke and was hitting the side. Since I was still under warranty, HP covered it.3. The battery went badOver a year and a half the battery didn't hold a charge for more then 30 minutes. OH! And I had to talk to about twelve people from HP, and seven told me warranty covered it, the rest said it wasn't the battery was about $80 I believe.4. My computer had an error and would not respond.Exactly a week after my two year mark (warranty expired at that time) My computer had an error that made it not respond. When I called HP it would cost $300.00 to repair it. After slewing through countless internet help sites I found something that fixed it...in two minutes.5. My computer had a different error that told me my windows was counterfeit. HP put me on hold for an hour, but as soon as they had my information (telling them I was out of warranty) they all but hung up on me. I called Microsoft and I had to hold a little longer but my computer was fixed...FOR FREE.Honestly this computer has had far more problems in two years then computers I've had to five. I have a computer from 2003 that is a tank, but this computer is a cheap plastic imitation of what a "entertainment pc" should be. I don't know if I'd ever buy a HP again, but I know it would not be this one.

I cannot tell you how disappointed I am in this laptop. After exhaustive research I chose this laptop as a gift for my wife. After reading favorable reviews and believing that HP produced a quality product I thought this laptop was a good buy given its pricepoint and features. BOY was I wrong!!!First off, despite this machines apparent hardware prowess it is SLOW AS DIRT!!! I have tried to investigate why the cpu always seems to be bogged down, but after turning off several services related to Windows Media Player, changing the power profile, and reducing instances of constant 50-100% cpu usage it still runs slow. Right out of the box, without any software tweeking it was a dog!Speaking of Windows media, although this is billed as an "entertainment" PC do not try and ask it to perform any media functions. I tried to stream music from this machine to a PS3 for playback and the associated services you must turn on caused the cpu to be pegged at 100%.....even when there was no music steaming, thus rendering it useless for any other function!!I work in IT and I know that computers are not supposed to perform like this if they are engineered correctly. It may just be that Windows 7 is total crap or that this machine is under-engineered to be able to run it. Do not waste your money on this piece of junk unless you fancy watching the spinning circle everytime you want to open a webpage, program or document. This computer is now a barely useable PC that my wife tries to work from home on. I never even got into in this review the cheap build quality.....Thin plastic...feels like you could break it just picking it up. I could tolerate this if not for all the other glaring flaws. HP should be ashamed to have there name associated with this product. Next time I buy a laptop I will be looking to a different manufacturer.

HP has really dropped the ball on these Pavilion laptops. Ever since HP bought Compaq (infamously famous for bad quality), HP's quality control has gone completely down the toilet. The Pavilion dv7 17" I purchased about 1 year ago has now stopped working. I've tried reinstalling the OS, updating all the drivers, and so on and so forth, yet nothing will keep this laptop from crashing. It is now suffering from hardware failure. That might be acceptable on a much older model, but definitely NOT on a system only 1 year old. Apparently this isn't that uncommon of a problem with these particular HP laptops. I won't even go into all the technical issues I've had with this laptop since it was initially purchased, just be aware that there were quite a few. Simply put, don't buy an HP laptop. Go with a different company if at all possible. Otherwise your laptop might be worthless in a relatively short period of time like mine has become.

okay .. i am not trying to stop anyone from buying this notebook .. i bought it just because i really loved the way it looked i dont care about all the high tech stuff and all , i just needed a notebook to replace my sony viao that crashed after only one year of use( of course after my warranty expired ) anyway .. like i said i bought the computer and only 2 days later i returned it to the store, and here s why.. we all know the fameous blue error screen , that appeared to me twice on the first day , my husband reported a third time lol and i promise i havent downloaded anything that would have caused that , nothing at all .. so i was like maybe i need to finish installing the updates and all , anyway the next day i tried to turn the computer on .. it wouldnt boot up!!!!! black screen and blinking caps lock and numerlock lights , that was it , i turned it off turned it back on nothing .. the computer decided to stop working two days after its purchase ..well i decided to give it another chance and i bought the same one again ,, but honestly after all the reviews i read about it here and other websites i am definitly going to return this one too..too bad i really liked it at first , but i d rather have my money back !!

the touch pad on mine sucks so bad it's almost unusable! i can't beleive no one else is complaining about it. try scrolling down a page and it go's nuts.try and stop it before the bottom and your going all the way to the top! reading anything with this is the most frustrating thing u will ever do.this is my forth laptop and by far the worst yet. yes i tried adjusting every setting and it still sucks..........

I bot Windows 7 pro got xp mode going , ran into some problems syncing my Ipod 7 & xp mode.Hp did not have very many drive thats where compatible with xp.there was no dvd player in Xp mode. its been nuts. what am I going to do.start all over again with all new software. some of my favorite xp software was not compatible with xp mode

I bought this computer for my fiance for school and it has been a complete NIGHTMARE. Google Dell laptop cursor problems or mouse problems. The computer randomly will select things when you dont even touch it! She cannot even use the computer because while using it the computer will select a different window, or tab, or paragraph etc etc. We have told dell of the problem and been through hours and hours of customer service bull crap. Every time its someone who barely speaks english and they have us do that same perfunctory steps that we have already done. Finally they replaced the mousepad and mother board. Guess what?? IT STILL HAS THE SAME EXACT PROBLEM. I then spent 3 hours on the phone trying to get them to replace the laptop.....they wouldnt do it!! I called multiple times to talk to a manage and each time the manager was "IN A MEETING" which means they either were lying or do not have managers. Lastly we sent it in to get repaired through dells 3rd party company. They replaced the hard drive and the operating system. YET AGAIN THE SAME PROBLEM PERSISTS!! DELL SELLS CRAP COMPUTERS AND THEY KNOW THEY ARE CRAP!!! HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE HAVE THIS SAME PROBLEM, LOOK ONLINE AT FORUMS!! I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER DELL AGAIN, TERRIBLE PRODUCT AND TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!! DO NOT BUY THIS COMPUTER IF YOU WANT IT TO BE ANYTHING MORE THAN A PAPER WEIGHT!!EDIT: DELL HAS DISABLED REVIEWS ON THE DELL WEBSITE...AFTER LOG IN AND CLICKING ON THE "WRITE REVIEW" BUTTON YOU GET REDIRECTED TO THE COMPUTER SALE PAGE!! IT IT LIKE THIS FOR EVERY LAPTOP!! WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU ABOUT DELL PRODUCTS??

No customer should buy this product once again I have invested 1643$ on this but I missed that item when is was requested for the refund they even not responded for this request waste customer service from amazon

I bought this from micro center because I had purchased another computer from amazon and had to send it back because of a personal preference issue and I did not want to be stuck with a postage charge again.I have the same issue of the computer not shutting down and having to hold the power button for an extended time to shut the machine down. I was instructed by hp to do this.Finally, after four calls to support and their trying to fix the issue, they want to have the computer back so they can repair it.It will take THREE weeks! I have barely owned the computer for that long! And I will have to reinstall software for the Wacom tablet and photoshop elements 11!I am taking pictures of the computer before I send it back because they said if there are any damage issues, these are not covered under warranty.I have read other reviews that have had a difference of opinion between owner and repair as to damage.I intend to protect myself from charges.By the way, possible future owners of this machine, hp support says that this shut down issue is a known issue with this machine. BEWARE!

It's a great laptop!I work from home on the computer, so having a decent computer is obviously a must.  Before I got my stay-at-home job, I had a very nice Toshiba laptop, which one of the USB ports went bad. With only 2 USB ports, and only one working, I know I would dare to try to talk with Toshibas Support Group, I thought it was time for a new laptop. I did some searching and this one seemed to be the best. So, I purchased it.In the two days it took to get here (Thanks Amazon Prime!), I broke out the old solder gun and successfully fixed the USB on my other laptop. Now, without a factory solder, it's probably a little (or A LOT) more fragile -- long story short, I now use that laptop more as a desktop. Enough story telling...I got the package and I'm very happy! It's over a great, fast, beautiful, laptop that I actually like better than my (sorry Steve Jobs) MacBook.Hmmm, why the two star rating?Exactly a month and four days after I bought it, I was booting up, and noticed a bright, blue dot. Stuck pixel, huh?! I tried every method to fix it, but it just won't go away.I'm normally not that picky, and it's only one pixel, but when my whole screen's black and there's one really bright dot... It can really make someone that has self-diagnosed OSD go %$&$(#*&%$$#!??!!??!?!?!?!Don't let this swing your opinion one way or the other, because I'm almost 100% sure it won't happen to you. Besides that one pixel, this is really a five star rating.

Order my HP Notebook on 2/7/14 and received it on 2/15/14.  On 3/11/14, the notebook ceased closing down using the Settings/Power shut down and would only shut down by pressing the on/off button.  I was on the phone with tech support for 2 hours hoping to fix the issue without having to send the laptop back.  No luck, was told it was a hardware problem and I had to send back to HP.  I spent days and days downloading software, photos, music and files that contained sensitive information.  Now I will have to go and delete the sensitive files to secure the data and then reload again.  Have no idea what, if anything, will be lost though HP says they will backup.  It's uncomfortable to send a laptop to a stranger fearing "snooping" of sensitive data that I may forget to delete.  It seems unreasonable to have a hardware failure less than a month after receiving the laptop.  Of course, I've already paid for it, so I'm a bit concerned about that as well.  While the Notebook was working, I was happy with it, and this is my first experience with an HP laptop.  So far, not very impressed.

It has some sort of bios issue that caused it to need rebooting (via battery removal)  each and every time it was shut down or even just went into sleep mode due to inactivity.  Learned this only after 2 days of installing and updating.  Very frustrating and a huge waste of precious time.  Amazon took it back, absolutely no hassle!!!  And then when UPS lost my return package (I waited 10 days) they issued me a credit anyway.  The return package did eventually get found and returned to Amazon.  For me, the HP Pavillion was a dud but it was almost worth it to be treated so well by Amazon.  The computer gets one star, Amazon gets 5 stars!

I used the computer for about a week and started having problems with the computer not waking up from Sleep mode.  I had to restart the computer completely every time it went into Sleep mode.The problem got worse once I contacted HP Support.  The first person I spoke with asked me to reset the computer to its factory settings.  I was new to Windows 8 and asked for instructions in resetting the computer.  I tried to follow them but I was kept getting an error message stating something was missing from a drive and it could not restart.  I contacted HP again and they said they would send a box for me to send the computer to them and they would repair the problem, I was informed this would take about nine days.  After only having the computer for 7 days I told them this was unacceptable and they could sending a new computer would be the only resolution to this problem that I would be satisfied with.  I was informed a Case Manager would contact me shortly.  I started playing around in the settings and got the computer to reset itself to factory settings.  This was really aggravating, your Support Tech could not give proper instructions and with Google and 10 minutes I was able to get the reset started.  A couple hours after the reset was done the problem was still not fixed.  I contacted Amazon, returned the product and went back to Toshiba.  I was tried HP because of a suggestion from a friend and the price of the product.  Never again will I return, mostly because of their poor service.Two days after I sent the HP back for a refund I got a call for the Case Manager apologizing about the problem and asked if I could send the computer in so they could fix it.  After explaining how disappointed I was in their product and poor Tech Support I told her I returned the product and was going back to Toshiba which I have used for years.  She apologized again then offered an extended warranty on any HP computer.Thanks for nothing HP!

Week one.  Had issues with BIOS.  When  I called tech support it was the worst experience I have EVER encountered.  I will not recommend anyone to use HP support.  My issue was resolved with a Microsoft support tech that knew exactly what my issue was and informed me what I had to do to resolve it.  I believe having support is NOT hiring idiots from another country to try to resolve issues they have NO knowledge of.  Bad move on HP part.  I am very disappointed in the service I received and will NOT purchase another HP product.

I bought a apple air last year.  I love the screen and the speed.  I like everything of Applie air other than it does not have adobe flash.  Some window programs in the website does not run in apple, so I decide to get a window laptop.  Trying to have basicly the same speed, and RAM.I guess that you should always go to store to look at the computer before buying it.  I was shocked that this is sooo heavy. I can tolerate this.  The window 8 is a headackes compare with my HP pc has vista (that used to be a headache too).  It is very slow.  When I tried to stream movie from Amazon, the screen is very blue.  I can not figure out how to adjust the color.  The resolution is terrible (may be I am used to Apple Air's resolution.)  I just hate it.  I tried for a few weeks, even bought a few program for window 8.  I deicide that I can not live with this giant and I will try to return.I would not recommand this.  I do not know it is the problem of the laptop or window 8.  It is terribly slow with 2.4 ghz...

laptop had great features & looked great for a good price, ***HOWEVER*** the touch-pad was completely defective, the wireless had connectivity problems AND the screen dimming-brightening feature was also faulty, it would dim & even go completely black when I tried to brighten it and then bright when I would try to darken (or vice-versa).  The cherry on top of all this trouble was Lenovo's JOKE of a "repair" depot, after spending 1.5hrs with tech support, including them remotely connecting to my machine and adjusting all the settings of the touch-pad and downloading different drivers AND waiting 10 days to get my laptop back, the laptop did the EXACT SAME THING right out of the box when I got it back.  The repair depot "tech" noted on the paper that he fixed the problem by "resetting touch-pad to factory settings"??????!!!!!  I called LENONO's repair depot and within 2 minutes the tech was asking me to return the laptop so they could replace the touch-pad...i said WHY DIDN'T YOU GUYS DO THAT WHEN I SENT IT BACK THE FIRSTTIME??" he replied "I'm not sure".I have since returned the laptop back to Amazon for a full refund and purchased a new HP ENVY DV6 that is beyond meeting my expectations.Do your homework before buying, read these reviews and learn from the rest of us.Happy Hunting

this laptop was my first and last lenovoif all you want to do is park it on a desk -  you'll probably be fine - but if you want all the portability features of a laptop - skip this one!After just 6 weeks - here's what I've encountered1.  When the battery gets low - the wifi shuts off and does not turn back on once plugged in/charged. The trouble-shooters tell you to "turn the wifi switch on" ... there IS NO wifi switch!!2.  After a couple of weeks - the battery stopped charging up all the way - it would charge up to 50% - and display "plugged in, not charging" - none of the power-management options included a means of shutting this off. I had to call Lenovo support - they blamed it on my installing software (of course) and walked me through uninstalling the old Win 7 power management utility and downloading a Win 8 one. My u510 shipped with Win 8 ... so ... ??3.  Now that I have the new "win 8" power management utility - the settings seem stuck on "max performance" no matter what I do - so I fly through my "5 hour" battery in under 2.75 hours. Lenovo tech support has no solution for this4.  It took 3 phone-calls and a slew of e-mails to the Lenovo extended warranty department to get them to give me my full 2 year extended warranty ... they kept setting the expiration date of my warranty to nearly 3 months BEFORE I even purchased the laptop!! I eventually got this fixed - but why was this even ever an issue??5.  There is an extremely LOUD low battery beep that starts beeping ever 3 or so seconds once the battery is down to 10%. THERE IS NO WAY TO SHUT THIS OFF!!! Not in windows, not in BIOS ... you're stuck with this laptop making this obnoxious racket. And - so helpful - even if you close the lid - it keeps beeping. You have to actually shut it down to make the beeping stop. Lenovo tech support just says "we can't do anything about that".So - to sum up This laptop is ...not particularly fastnot particularly well pricednot particularly well madenot at all a good laptop for mobile tech workers using public spaces (coffee shops, libraries) - or possibly going to drain the battery in front of clientsI've been using laptops since 94 and have used Toshibas, HP's, Dells and have never had any of these issues on any of those brands.bottom line: the Lenovo u510 is the MOST INCONVENIENT laptop I have ever owned! I would return it in a heart beat ... pity I didn't know lenovo only gives you 3 weeks to evaluate their laptops

I tried two models of this laptop - one with ELAN touchpad and one with Synaptic. Synaptic one was kind of OK, but the ELAN one was horrible. I don't know why Lenovo won't recall this product instead of letting customers buy, return and give a very bad review. This laptop is is useless with this touchpad (otherwise a nice pick). Hope they do something seriously about the touch pad.

Bought it for my daughter because of the price and Lenovo/IBM reputation. I was an IBM employee and own IBM stock as such I get discounts on products including Lenovo. When IBM sold Lenovo their PC business the products were being built to IBM standards. Today the chinese who own Lenovo are making chinese fishing boats, sometimes known as Junks. The touch pad is twitchy, the wifi drops out on a regular basis, the only fix is to turn airplane mode on and off run the troublshooter, restart the Laptop and then rerun the troubleshooter. Twice a week. The laptop turned off a month after buying it and would not come back on. I bought an in home repair warranty at that point which is retroactive to purchase date from lenovo. Guy came out replaced the motherboard, seemed to work fine until he put the last screw in and the issue came back. He took the laptop back apart and found that the screw presses on a cable. He made sure the cable was properly in the channel designed for it. The problem has not come back yet. All of these issues point to sorry Quality control (my wife is a quality engineer)and design. Having a screw press on a power cable is a poor design. When I called about the power issue with the warranty information the "technician" on the phone told me it would not go into effect for 30 days. It clearly states on the Lenovo site that it is retro to the purchase date. I had to make several more calls,get tranferred several times until that was handled. Wish I had bought an Apple instead. My son has an Apple and it works great. The Lenovo came with windows 8, worst operating system ever. Would change to 7 if I could.

Poor performance. That is why there are so many "refurbished" ones for sale. Trick is it will work fairly well until return policy is over and you are stuck with "warrenty" repairs which means you will not have your computer for months. Stay away.

I tried two of these computers from Amazon.  Both had the same problem.  The trackpad works fine for the first day or so and then the mouse starts jumping all over the screen.  I contacted Lenovo Customer Support.  They tried reinstalling the driver and adjusting the sensitivity, but neither worked.  I had the same thing happen on the second U510 I ordered as well.  I wouldn't recommend purchasing this laptop to anyone.  The Lenovo customer support rep said that he is dealing with this issue constantly and that they haven't found a cure for the problem.

I purchased this computer in Jan of 2013.  Originally I was quite happy with it, it worked perfectly and I even liked Windows 8.  Then, a few weeks ago it started to get a little sluggish, and taking longer and longer to boot up.  Next, it suddenly began freezing during the startup process.  I've reformatted the hard drive to no avail (so it's a hardware problem), but it broke 2 months past their 1 year warranty, so tech support is no help to me.  It *will* turn on.. after 2 tries and about 30 min.  Unacceptable.I am extremely disappointed - I expected this laptop to last more than a year.  Don't buy it!!!

I ordered this laptop in June from another source and received one without anything (i.e., Windows) loaded on it; so, it was basically useless I called Lenovo, and they couldn't help me. The store from where I purchased it sent me another one, though.It is sleek and sturdy, but a bit heavy (although, lighter than the computer I replaced). The touchpad is a bit awkward, as the "buttons" that you are supposed to push are also touch-sensitive; so, when you try to click on something, the cursor moves. I purchased a wireless mouse to make up for this.Lately, like many other reviewers (on this and other websites), I have had wireless issues. After a couple of hours of usage, the wireless card goes out. The computer sometimes reads my network but is unable to connect and, other times, cannot read my network at all. My other devices connect to the network without any problem; so, I know the issue is with the computer. The fix is to shut off the wireless card by turning on "airplane mode," wait 15 seconds and turn it on again. Not the end of the world but certainly a hassle when working, trying to Skype with clients, uploading website content or streaming video. I will not purchase another Lenovo and warn you to do the same.

I bought this Lenovo because my professional laptop was a Lenovo T-series. But it was a big mistake as this product line doesn't have the same quality and some basic issues in the design. When I bought, there was no negative review but reading them right now, all of them are true. Just to highlight some of them that most concerns me: (i)Win8 factory installed in the HD disk instead in the SSD disk; (ii) when the battery goes away, the system shut down the wifi and there is no way to turn it on again except rebooting; (iii) trackpad doesn't work, I decided to buy a cheap Logitec mouse instead to get nuts.Lenovo lost a chance to do amazing. This laptop looks really good, thin, but they screwed up the product.Don't buy this product line until Lenovo fix all the issues.

It doesn't matter what troubleshooting I do, it doesn't matter if one of the options works for a short time, Lenovo has crappy batteries -- this whole "plugged in, not charging" issue is so ridiculous that I'll never buy a Lenovo again.

The laptop is definately fast, light, and comes with all the specs advertised.But... the OS is NOT installed on the SSD.  The SSD is just big enough for a clean Windows install, and some programs, but not really much else.  From the factory, the data on the C: drive takes up almost 27 GB.Overall, very disappointed.  The entire reason for buying a laptop with a SSD was for the fast OS reponse.

The HORRIBLE Lenovo U510 ideapad Ultrabook has been manufactured and sold with a completely defective track pad, which Lenovo has been unable and unwilling to repair for at least 2 years. The cursor skitters all over the page without even touching the track pad. It's even worse if you touch it. Can't left- or right click on anything because the cursor won't stay still long enough.There is no workaround; no drivers or settings will cure this problem. There are a host of other problems, but this one is untenable. I would never buy another product from this company.

Hopefully this laptop will become more usable once Microsoft updates it with Windows 8.1 to make itmore user friendly.  Windows 8 in not intuitive for those of us that have been using Windows for a while.It's a nuisance just to try and get anything done on this laptop.  Also, the damn thing got hung up so badly,that I had to do a complete reset on it, removing all user content and applications.  Junk

Serious issues with the WiFi and touch-path... Check all the blog and comments about these two problems before buying this laptop

To quote another reviewer, this was my first and LAST Lenovo laptop.  I had high expectations based on it's specs.  However it would routinely lock up where nothing would work until a hard reboot.  Also another very common problem was the cursor would just freeze - nothing would move until I pressed and held the power key for another hard reboot.  I dealt with these issues, however 5 1/2 months after purchasing, the screen has gone black.  At start-up you see Lenovo and the spinning progress wheel...but after that it's just a pulsating black screen.  I now have to send it back to Lenovo for repairs and had to purchase another machine because I can't be without.It looks nice and promises good performance but it's a horrible waste of time and money.

A piece of crap.  Went bad within a year, and Dell had to buy it back from us.  Constant complaints yeilded many problems dealing with Dell.

I just bought this crap less than a year ago, just die from one to another day, first and last Dell I ever bought. They told me I am out of warrenty, have to throw it in the garbage . It's sad that bad quality overflows the world. It's a world where company's kill our planet with crap like this. Do not buy Dell.

it could have been because the seller sold a defective product though.  so i cannot recommend it.  also, dell customer service was hit and miss.  some techs great, others, well, not so much.

I got my new HP laptop for day one (it is not from Amazon) and HP tricked me to have a antivirus software installed during initial software installation.What really dirty here is they also ship a bunch of software fully of trojan horse and virus in the default software package. So when I try to use the internet browser for the first surf, the antivirus software jumps out like a gang and blocks me from doing anything, including uninstall itself!  Every time, I am forced to enter a page asking to pay $69.99 for their stupid and buggy software. Am I going to pay you the $69.99 stupid money that you are begging for?  NO!  I return this crap back to where it is from.It also reminds me another HP printer I had that it expires its ink box after a few months and I cannot print if I don't buy a new costy HP ink. The reason is to "Guarantee print quality". Come on, it's back ink!HP is running DIRTY business. It cheats, it begs. it sucks. It ties to dishonestly play dirty games with customers. Simply stay away from it!  It should go to the hell.

Right out of the box (November 8, 2012) the Wi-Fi speed of my Ideapad U410 was ridiculously low compared to my other laptop, which was sitting right next to it.I ran three speedtests:Ideapad U410 - Download Speed: 1.50Mbps, Upload Speed: 13.29MbpsAcer Aspire 5740 - Download Speed: 51.29Mbps, Upload Speed: 45.01MbpsI couldn't even watch a YouTube video without it stopping every 5 seconds for several minutes. Insane!Updating the Wi-Fi drivers did not solve the problem.FYI, the Lenovo support forum has a 57-page thread about this Wi-Fi issue, which Lenovo still does not acknowledge.[...]I would strongly recommend NOT purchasing this item because it comes with this serious flaw.

If you are doing your research before buying a new ultrabook, be advised that this particular model, as well as the U310 from Lenovo, both have MAJOR wifi issues. The problem is so bad that even Lenovo doesn't know what to do. Just read the forums and you will find people all over the globe sending their machines for over 3 different times with no successful fix!The internet at my place is a 10mb plan and works well on all others computers and smartphones I have, however, my U410 shows onl 0.3-0.4mb download speeds even if I'm right close to my router!! That is unacceptable! Lenovo says it's a hardware issuae, but how does that work if they can't fix the problems themself?? This company has scre*&^% over so many customers that I don't understand how they are still in business selling this notebook everywhere!Another big issue I have is with the battery. Do not fool yourself into thinking you've got an 8 hour battery that is supposed to last a full day at the office.... hahahaha it's more like 3.5-4 hours at the max on balanced mode! Plus, this unit does'nt have a backlit keyboard, the screen resolutions is a joke at 1366x768, it's thicker than the pictures illustrate and a little too heavy for a 14" ultrabook.The only pros I find is the processor and the HD4000 graphics which is just as good as the also installed Geforce 610m... yes, go read the reviews on this old video card and see it for yourself what kind of hardware they are pushing to us.This is the most valuable piece of info you may find online:[...]I wish I read that before buying this notebook.PS: No, all U410/U310 manufactured after 7/23/2012 STILL have the same wifi issue, do not trust the administrators from Lenovo! Would you buy a computer from a company which allegedly sells faulty items and just ignores customers when they ask for help in the forums??

The laptop which i bought worked fine for a month. After that a vertical green line came up on the screen and it was an LCD defect. I checked the warranty on lenovo site and found to my astonishment that the warranty had expired. The seller had sold me a laptop which was 1yr old.So please do not buy product from this seller. I was cheated by the seller as now I have to pay to get it repaired though my laptop is just 3 months old.

I have had this laptop about a year now. Overall, it works okay, but the peculiar problems it has outweigh anything good about it.First, the touchpad is situated such that I cannot type on the keyboard. Every time I do, any random movement of my hands that stray over the touchpad causes the whole screen to shrink or expand. Alternately, my cursor will jump to a random spot on the screen causing my typing to become completely screwed up.Second, the keyboard is set up very oddly. The shift key on the right side is very small, and very close to the ctrl key. Or there is some other problem, but at random times while I am typing, the keyboard stops functioning and acts as if every key has a different function - p will open a print window, some other key will just close everything.Third, for some bizarre reason, I cannot type on google docs with this laptop. I can have the same document open on this laptop and on my desktop, signed in as the same person, and the desktop works fine. On the laptop, no matter what I type, it all erases itself as soon as I finish (more so in google spreadsheets.) Google says it's a Lenovo problem. Lenovo doesn't say anything.Overall, I would not buy this laptop again - mainly due to the keyboard. The battery goes about 3 - 4 hours - not bad, but far short of the 8 hours advertised. Also the lack of cd drive is a concern.

I had to send it in for repairs within a month of having it and it still didn't get fixed completely! Both Lenovo and this seller are giving the customers a defective product and you should not get this laptop!!! Save the extra cash and go for another PC or Mac. The company doesn't even want to own up to their product and give a refund for a defective product, I only dealt with it for the semester because I needed it for school.So avoid this ultrabook if possible otherwise good luck with what you get.

My IdeaPad Ultrabook comes with 8GB of DRAM, 32 GB SSD, 1 TB HDD, Windows 7 Home Premium 64 bits.(1) Right of the bat, I had to install tons of  updates from Windows. That's understandable and typical for Windows PC and I have no problem with that. The thing I want to complain about is the updates keep failing. And When Windows tells you there are xnumber of updates are available, I just pick a number for the purpose of explaining, says 64 updates are available, if somewhere along the line, just 1 update failed, the whole thing crashed. When you reboot the computer, the Lenovo automatically restores to the old software or driver. For example if the first 30 updates were successful and the 31st update failed, when you reboot the computer, it will restore the 30 successful updates back to the previous version without asking you want to keep the 30 good updates of not. The only way to get around is to run the update ONE BY ONE if you don't want to junk all the good updates that were successfully installed.(2) I like to leave comments on Yahoo! News stories and also leave comments on Facebook. This damn Lenovo always always and always freezes when I leave comments on Yahoo! stories or Facebook. I've searched on Google and even the Windows/MS website for a solution. Nothing ever works.(3) So when Windows 8 came out, I was among the first user to upgrade my IdeaPad to Windows 8 hoping to fix all my problems once and for all. Not only all my problems are still there, now I have a very tough time to connect to the internet. Although the signal strength are at full bars on the status line. The Lenovo refuses to connect and keeps saying no internet connection. Or if I'm lucky enough to get this ultrabook to connect, within minutes the connection will crap out. although as I said earlier, the signal strength is always full, you can't get the signal strength any fuller. In the end I had to get rid off Windows 8 and fall back to Windows 7. Of course I had to reinstall the hundreds of Windows updates ONE BY ONE. It took me weeks to get all the updates installed.(4) Lately I've begun to receive error that says something about VBasic cannot be found or something to that extent Of course I've searched on the internet for solution(s). There are some suggestions but none ever work as expected.To sum it up, this Lenovo IdeaPad U410 is a piece of crap. It's only 6 months old but I'm dreadful to turn it on. Sometimes I just let it sits collecting dust for 3 or 4 weeks without turning it on. Because if I gathered enough courage to turn it on, I'd likely have to turn it off within 15 minutes. So why bother?

Between the aggressive pre-installed bloatware (power management, drive control, and other hidden programs) and the lack of option to upgrade from Windows 8 to Windows 7, this laptop is unusable for much else other than checking email.  Windows 8 and 8.1 are nightmares in their own right, disallowing you to run many programs that would run fine on windows 7 (such as audio editing software and VSTi's), including many native 64 bit applications.  ASUS brings their own horrible bloatware to the table with hidden apps like Power4Gear which secretly overrides any power management options you set in Windows, ruining your work by putting your laptop to sleep or shutting it down without your permission when you least expect it and leaving you wondering what happened.I have been a big ASUS fan in the past, but this laptop has been a complete disaster for the last several weeks.  Even attempting to upgrade the special slim DVD drive to HDD storage requires special tools and professional level microsurgery involving over a dozen tiny T5 torx screws of varying lengths and complete removal of the entire back panel of the laptop (unlike most any other laptop).  If I wanted this much trouble upgrading a laptop, I would have bought an Apple.At this point, I may start over with something more friendly like an HP Elitebook.  Oh, and I'll be upgrading THAT one from Windows 8 to Windows 7!***Update***After considerable use, I must say this is hands down the worst computing experience I've had in 30 years.  When programs crash, they lock the entire system completely.  When the task manager is called via CTRL+ALT+DEL, it too crashes and freezes permanently (if it shows up at all, which is about a 60% chance).  Sadly, I've made a $1000 investment in this piece of garbage and am stuck unless I sell it to some poor unsuspecting person (which would be immoral).  Avoid this mistake and go with a company that offers support for Windows 7.***Another Update***This operating system is now preventing me from deleting files or folders I've created and placed in the My Documents folder or on the Desktop.  Restarting the computer has not solved the issue. Drive tests show the HDD to be fine, so it doesn't seem to be a hardware problem.  How bad does an OS have to be to have such a bug?  Because ASUS insists on supporting only WIN 8, the blame is theirs.  I used to be very supportive of ASUS.  All of my home-built and work-built towers sport ASUS motherboards.  They've completely lost my long term business by choosing to support Microsoft's wishes instead of their customers'.  If I had gone with anyone else, I might have had driver support for Win 7.  Avoid this laptop!!!***Final Update***Four different VSTi's (a few thousand dollar's worth) and a few other programs (some of which were 64 bit native) would not function properly in W8 or 8.1.  Amazon provided a refund.  Amazon is fantastic about that.  If all you are doing is browsing the internet or writing emails, this laptop will be fine for that.  Amazon is definitely the place to buy it for their return policy.  Power users or gamers, beware.

This is very worst laptop.Also, i heard that many dell laptops having the same issues. If you buy this one you will sure regret yourself. Waste of money.Please dont buy dell.

ordered as new, loads of confusion on amazon's part prior to christmas, received laptop on christmas eve, problems after 3rd day, when contacting dell, told that warranty was expired because  laptop was registered the year before to someone in California, I am in VA.  very disappointed.  Amazon refunded immmediately upon receipt of return but was lax in helping to find a suitable replacement.

I ordered this computer after looking at all the online reviews I could find. I've had good experiences with Gateway before, and I was drawn to everything this one came with (most notably, Windows 7; I have a deep loathing for 8).I received my laptop on Jan 8th, and everything was running smoothly. Unfortunately, starting the second day, my computer started freezing during Windows updates. By the fourth day, it was freezing when trying to wake from sleep mode. Today (day six), my trackpad quit responding; I had to use an external mouse. Rebooting didn't work, and everything was marked enabled.That was just one too many issues for me in less than a week of owning. I know not many others have complained of issues, so it might have just been this one unit, but I'm not taking that chance. I'm a college student who largely takes online classes, and I need a reliable computer. I'm returning this one, and getting a Toshiba instead.

Drivers missing, definite system issues, web cam doesn't work at all - like it doesn't exist on this computer - called gateway(Acer)  talked to 2 people in India - restarted factory settings again, no change. They suggest taking the hours- old  brand new computer and sending it to repair in Texas - don't like the wait or trouble of that. It's new, it should work! Hopefully  pccrush has a better replacement or return policy. This is frustrating-

So I posted this on Lenovo's page after my experience with their on-site tech today. I'm going to just keep posting this everywhere I can find.Lenovo; For Those Who Don't:January 23rd I received the IdeaPad Y510p from Lenovo, and it ran like a dream for 13 days, then I go to take my dog outside and put my laptop in sleep mode and come back in and it won't turn back on. I called in and had the option to return/refund it or repair it. I went with repair in hopes of being able to keep my data and awaited the box that tech support said I would be receiving in 3-5 days...It's the motherboard that needs replaced; power light turns on but the fans, hard drive, keyboard lights, screen, and even USB power are unresponsive. A $1,649 paperweight.20 days later I call back, having been busy with two jobs in Advertising, furious. I found out that it was never sent out and that it was just kind of forgot about. So you kindly "escalated" the repair to an on-site request after you said it would take almost twenty days for a repair and I would still have to wait, that you thought I was sending it in a second time for a second repair, and that you said I couldn't refund it until I told you I talked to a Sales Manager and they said I could and you looked into my history and found I actually did talk to someone and I could due to the situation.Well that on-site guy THAT YOU SENT OUT came today and broke the laptop even more. He lost one screw when taking it apart, forgot to put two screws back in, broke the bottom latch/lock for the laptop, part of the frame (a little plastic clip on the inside but it looks warped now) and was banging the laptop, jabbing it with his plastic tool, and kept saying "I sure hope I don't broke it, don't wanna do that!" I took pictures and cringed the whole time. I about had a stroke watching this guy "try and not break" my laptop. AND IT'S STILL NOT FIXED. It's just been sitting on my desk since I got it.This is a work laptop.I not only make money on this laptop, I spend money on it monthly for my software.I make $18 an hour at the job I got this for, and it has cut back my time there drastically. I can't work there I can only work from home. I was averaging about 3-5 hours a day until the laptop broke. Now I get less because my home computer isn't meant for this work.The software is $20 a month that I can't use.My freelance pays $30-$60 an hour just for design fees.I've lost more money because of this laptop possibly than for what it's even worth.You better get back to me soon.You have my case number.You have my name, phone number, and email.If Lenovo is for "Those Who Do" then what you need to DO is start making up for what you DON'T DO.So do something right for once and call me.This laptop has not only cost me time and money, but now it's cost me my patience.

Conversation with Samsung after a customers can spilled a little coke in his keyboard.david : Hello, I spilled some coke in they keyboard on my NP-QX410-J01US, and I need to know how to clean under the keyboard, or if I can pop the keys off without breaking them to clean underneath. If not I need the service manual to disassemble the laptop, and clean the keyboard.Sammy: Hi, thanks for reaching out to Samsung tech support. How can I help you today?david : This particular model does not have an exposed keyboard, the keys come up through the case, so I can't figure out how to clean it.david : it's the " island-style keyboard"david : all I can find on your website are glossy user manuals, but I need something a little bit better that lets me know how the keyboard is assembled so I don't break it when I take it apart.Sammy: I understand that you want to clean your keyboard as you spilled some coke in the keyboard.david : Well the cat did, but yesdavid : a few keys are stuckdavid : This is a pretty trivial task on the dellsdavid : or really any other laptop I own, but with the keys set inside the computer I can't see how to do it on this one.Sammy: I will check and provide you with the information.Sammy: Would you mind holding a few minutes while I gather the required information for your request?david : go aheadSammy: Thank you.Sammy: Thanks for holding.Sammy: Have you tried to clean it with a dry soft clothe?david : it's underneath the keysdavid : I'd love to clean it with a soft clothdavid : if you will tell me how to remove the keysdavid : thanksdavid : On a dell I can just pry the keys up and pop them back downdavid : I don't know if doing that on this laptop will break themSammy: I am sorry if it is underneath the keys then you will need to send the laptop for repair service to fix this.david : Wow, ok, I'm going to make sure to warn folks on forums not to buy this if you can't do anything to clean the keyboard, and a small spill ruins the laptop.david : I expect better from samsungdavid : bye

it was a bust for me, I'm sure it would work for someone else but it wasn't for me !!!!!

So, I won this thing on the Acer A Day Give Away. (So - I might be a little biased, cause they just gave me a free computer.)I was sort of in the market for a new laptop, and I really was not looking for a ultrabook. I'm more of a big clunky machine with a  big screen and all the bells and whistles type of guy.Imagine my surprise when I got this thing and have found that I really, really like it. I don't have an issue with the noise, nor do I mind the lack of CD drive. I think the start up time is fast, and the laptop overall is a great little machine. It feels really sturdy to me, despite the light weight. I really like that it does not get hot... like, at all. I had it running on battery power for nearly 4 hours the other day, shut it off, and felt the underside. It was tepid.I read reviews before I got the laptop that the keys were an issue. Some people complained about the keys not having the right amount of heft, which caused them to miss keys, or were unable to hit the arrow keys. Again, I like big things. Big keyboards included. That said. I don't have an issue, at all with the keyboard. I've not had any problems with the arrow keys. In fact, my only issue so far is that there are no dedicated function keys. There are function keys, but they're not dedicated (That is - I'd like to have a volume control, playback controls for video, etc.)I'm a big fan of the multitouch trackpad. I love that I can use gestures to make stuff happen. Took me a while to figure out how to use them correctly, but now that I have, I'm enjoying it. My only complaint is that you cannot create your own gestures, and can only use a predefined list of finger motions to trigger a predefined list of actions -- at least, using the stock software (I do not know of alternate software at the moment).Beyond that, it came with a lot of bloatware. Easily fixed, but a minor annoyance.___________________Edit: Exactly one year to the day after I received this thing, the trackpad stopped functioning properly and I cannot penetrate ACER's paywall to their warranty support. Absolutely no one has helped me with this. They're being very, very unhelpful and that has completely changed my opinion of this product.I would not buy this computer again, nor would I have any future business dealings with ACER because of their (obviously) well timed product failures, and refusal to help their customers.

I bought the laptop for $799 on Amazon.com around Jan 2012. After it arrived, it worked OKAY. The track pad was not nearly as responsive as in a larger laptop, or in a MacBook Air, but no big deal.  I can adjust to that, and I did.  But there were significantly worse problems.First problem - Defective Wireless Card. (See also, e.g., the 2-star review by "The Inveterate Scofflaw 'J'").  On random occasions, perhaps once every one to three hours of use time, the wireless adapter just goes out.  *POOF*  No, it is not that I went out of network range, etc. Rather, the computer acts as if I had manually disabled the wireless, and there is nothing that can be done to bring it back.  Rebooting will work, and I realized later that putting the computer to sleep, which takes much less time, will also cure the nuisance. So I have had to do that, usually once every several hours, randomly, whenever the wireless card craps out on me. This was not a big deal, as it usually takes no more than 10-15 seconds total to put the computer to sleep and wake it up.  The quick sleep-awake response, to be fair, is a nice aspect of this computer.Second problem - Defective Hard Drive. (See also, e.g., the 1-star review by "frank"). About one month after getting this computer, I was using it on the train when all of the sudden I got a blue screen. Upon reboot, I keep getting an error message and windows will not boot. I google the error message, and learned that it was indicative of hard drive failure, and that other people whose laptops sustained a physical impact have had that message.  My computer never fell.  As a result of this, I shipped the computer in to Acer, and they ended up replacing the hard drive (just as I figured). So all my data was lost. Not a big deal, I only had it for a month, but still, but be warned!My computer arrives in two weeks or so, and the invoice says that a new hard drive was installed. So far so good, but one day later, the computer starts doing clicking sounds randomly, and then I get a blue screen. Upon reboot, the clicking sounds (which are annoying an scary, think about fingernails on chalkboard) continue and I get an error message about have no boot drive.Conclusion: This computer was a bad decision, and the problems discussed herein are likely a product of Acer trying to use sub-par technology in an ultra-thin laptop. MacBook Air laptops, for example, all have solid state drives -- no disk drives. I think having an actual disk drive in such a thin computer is asking for trouble. Similar issues may have been with the poor contact between the wireless card and the mainboard.At any rate, I am happy that Amazon.com has a very easy return policy for defective computers.

1st laptop, the network adapter was defective, wifi connectio gets dropped now and then,the system has to be restarted2nd laptop, when the lid is open beyond 90 degrees, the display blanks out:(Liked the design,light weight and instant start in this next gen laptop, too bad it was not built durable, thanks to amazon and i can return them, unlike bestbuy where there might be restocking fee and crappy customer service to put up with.

This laptop is overpriced. It's thin and light, however, the weight of the base is not heavy enough to support the weight of the screen - when tilted, the laptop tips backwards. The brightness of the screen can be improved and the touch-pad is definitely a problem. It's difficult to find the left and right buttons on the touch-pad and the sensitivity is off causing the cursor to jam in place - especially when typing or surfing the web. The battery life dose not deliver on its promise. In my opinion, this laptop is a larger version of a netbook, but with much higher price.

I bought this notebook NOV 2, 2011. It was OK and actually I liked it very much.Then JAN 17, 2011 I notice the notebook acts strange, it looks like hardware error.Called ACER service and they have me a few instruction, but basically reboot the notebook.Around March 15, I had same stange freeze again, did same with ACER Service and reboot.And finally today, the notebook makes hugh noice from hard drive, of course freeze, it is surly looks like hard drive error.Called ACER service again, long talk.ACER service is saying the notbook is 1 year warrny, but software is 6 month warranty, so I have to purchase extended warranty which is $299, and they will not service my notebook unless I purchase this extended warranty. And I think even thought I buy this extended warranty, problem will be same.I claimed ACER service why should I buy extended warranty while it is not even 6 month yet. But ACER siad "NO"So I called Amazon and explained all over.Amazon was very freindly and suggested me to return the notebook for 80% refund.I will return this ACER notebook tomorrow.I have another one of same notebook which still works fine.I think if you buy ACER, try to pick up good one.ACER WARRANTY is make you pay more money for NOTHING.Well they have guts to say "NO" to the customer for warranty service.Good Luck ACER !!!

I really loved my ultrabook so very much. I really enjoyed carrying my new ultrabook everywhere, because it was not heavy.  It was fast and performed well, until it died, just last week.I was at the airport using my ultrabook, when the SCREEN WENT WHITE! It would not boot, or do anything anymore.IMPORTANT: You need the S/N number under the barcode on the bottom of the ACER to get ACER support online. I could find no phone numbers to call for ACER technical support!  It is not possible to read the S/N or serial number under the bar code on the back on the book anymore! I had several techs look at it and they all agree the problem was hardware and my ultrabook needs a new hard drive. Now this ACER hard drive needs to be replaced only by ACER. I back up my files weekly, so I did not lose much, but lost my best PC.I searched my home for the ACER box with the S/N barcode and number. Just found the box with the S/N numbers in time to contract ACER before a one year factory warrantee would run out. Finally,  I contracted ACER on their web site with the S/N number in time.  ACER has not responded to me yet with any help. I do not know where to send this for repair. It just about a year now, since I bought my ultrabook and hope I can get help, and the manufacture warrantee is honored, with delays in ACERS response.

I ordered this laptop for my girlfriend in July 2012, it is now December and the LCD needs to be replaced, Now I need to ship it to Acer for repair.

I got this laptop while Amazon was running a $100 gift card promotion. This looked like a pretty good deal to me.Design, looksActually the laptop looks pretty cool, You wouldnt guess its an acer or its price from its looks - except of course for the  ACER logo on the lid. The design is pretty snazzy and exudes a premium look.WeightThis laptop is very lightweight and is everything that a normal person would expect from an ultrabookPerformanceThis machine had quite a bit of bloatware installed on it, was a pain trying to weed out each of them. The performance is fairly ok - but I was hoping for better from an i5 machine. This could probably be because of the ssd+regular harddrive.Im sure the SSD version would be faster but then its much more expensive. This performed much slower than my dell latitude office laptop with an i5 processor with pretty much the same config and no SSD hybrid drive. Go figure.A sliver lining - The dolby home theater software on it is great, the sound from this laptop is great.KeyboardIs not the greatest, the arrow keys are a joke and the fact that there are no dedicated volume control keys makes using this laptop downright cumbersome.ScreenThe viewing angels on this screen is terrible. You would really hope for these prices they should come with better screens.The worst part is the screen does not stay stable when open, if you have this on your lap and move it slightly the screen starts swaying up nd down a bit, cant imagine how its gonna get after a few months of use. Definite no on an ultrabook.I was in two minds about whether to return this or not and finally I did. Special thanks to Amazon for their awesome customer care!!

Although I don't usually comment on products, this piece of garbage pushed me to the wall. It is by far the worst laptop I had so far. With owning it for about 10 months now, it runs slower than my old inspiron 6400 dell (which still functions perfectly but old). The battery doesn't last up to 30mins anymore, the mouse is the worst ever. Why be an apple wanna-be if you can just function well being your old self. This is a piece of ish, I might put it out on the curb for trash, or jus give it out for -100 bucks... please don't buy this CRAP. I would rate it as a -5 if d bar was here.

After an year, (a month out of warranty) the laptop just shows a white screen. The display cable is apparently torn!! Acer wants me to ship the laptop for repair - will cost me 300$! :(This seems to be a fairly common problem .. I have met two other people who faced the same issue with an acer ultrabook. Don't buy it!

This computer is definitely not worth the money. It broke just before my warranty was over. I sent it in to acer and the hard drive was replaced. It worked for another 2 weeks and died again. Another problem with the hard drive. Now since the warranty expired in the mean time, I wasn't even able to contact acer anymore without paying a high fee. I decided to order the recovery cds instead which weren't included and didn't help either. I am still trying to fix it but no success so far. So much trouble for a computer that was quite expensive and barely lasted through the warranty. I will not buy another product from acer!

This super thin and light weight, smaller than Macair, but acer is incapable of provide good quality, so it is not surprise that the screen turned white out of a sudden after 8 months.

I purchased this computer in April of 2012, it is now November of 2012 and I am sending it back for the second time to be repaired. Both times the computer would not boot up, and explaining this to the customer service reps that know english as a second language is very difficult. This may have been the last PC I ever buy. My next computer purchase will be an Apple. Save your money, time, and frustration, DO NOT BUY an ACER, and certainly not this one!

Update:The Bluetooth hardware was in the machine. The help desk person (level2) did not know how to start it. The next helpdesk person did and it took a second to get Bluetooth working.One month into using this computer. Like it. Works as per specs. Miss having a display port for projectors. Wishlist: more harddisk. (end Jan 2012)-----Purchased this about a week ago. Seems  faster than other i5 CPU comparable products and that's the good part. Purchased themodel that sells for around $850. I am technically oriented and have been using computers for over 25 years.Here are the problems I faced.A) No blue tooth hardware in the machine. Tech support says that in their internal documentation the Bluetooth is not supposed to be in the system, but all the specs say that there is Bluetooth. Level 2 tech support agrees that there should be Bluetooth but " engineering" is closed till 3rd jan and they will figure out why Bluetooth hardware is not there in my laptop.B) the laptop has only a HDMI output. So you need to buy an adapter extra for connecting to projectors that have a VGA input or to monitors that have a VGA input. I purchased an HP adapter (see HP's website). Worked fine with projectors (Dell) but did not work with Acer external monitors.  Purchased an HDMI to DVI cable and that worked fine with acer monitors.Wish Acer had given a mini display adapter or some such similar output to connect to VGA input devices such as projectors and monitors.  My fear is that the HDMI to VGA adapter will not work on various projectors and I will get stuck in some offsite business  presentation.Be warned that the keys on the keyboard are smaller than normal and may pose a problem to fast typists.

This is written 3 months into using the computer. The laptop broke down unexpectedly one day, it has booting problems. I issued a repair case with Acer, they did not email me shipping instructions until I contacted them again a week later. I shipped the laptop away with FedEx and had to pay shipping out of my own pocket because even though it's under warranty, Acer does not pay for shipping to its repair center because "the inbound shipping cost is not covered by Acer's standard (limited) warranty". I used to own an HP laptop and when that laptop broke down, HP took care of everything fast. In contrast, Aver is really inefficient. I do not know when I'm getting my laptop back and whether I would have to pay more for problems not covered by warranty. Hope Acer doesn't give me more headaches in the future.____________________I bought this laptop right here from Amazon. The complaints about bad customer service and defective parts on this site did scare me off at one point, but I've given full consideration and compared it with many other ultrabooks, I believed Aspire S3 was the best of them all and had to give it a try. It's been only three days since I received the laptop so it is still in early stage of experiencing the device, but I gotta say I LOVE it.I really like the exterior design. It looks a lot like a Macbook Air, only a shade dark (the picture on this site makes it look light silver, but it's really not, it's a much darker silver/grey). I really like the touchpad so I hope it doesn't stop working one day.The small arrow keys are not a problem for me. The only key on the keyboard that I always miss hit is the Backspace, it seems to be so far out, and I do think the keys on the keyboard are a little widespread. But I guess I can always get used to it.Another minor problem I've noticed was that sometimes when I click something, it doesn't click, I have to click harder the second time to make it work. I keep thinking maybe it's that I clicked too light the first time, or maybe it's the laptop's problem. But because it doesn't happen frequently and the most I need to do is click twice, I don't think it's a big deal.Three days into using it, so far so good. It was very easy to set up; I deleted all the software that came with but I'm not interested in; the screen was very bright (I had to turn it down below half brightness because it was THAT bright);the battery lasts a long time even when I was watching movies on Netflix._______________________________________________________Now I've used the laptop for a week, I realized it's got a bigger problem.The internet keeps disconnecting, that happens quite frequently, like 5 times a day, even though every time it recovers on its own within half a minute, but what's the deal? My old laptop never disconnected in the house ever.Also, why did the price drastically dropped lately? When I purchased it it was $780 and today it's $740. This makes me consider a refund.

it is unfortunate that i've had similar problems with alex (1 star review)it was a nice and light laptop. thin, sleek. many people complain about the cheap feel or (see youtube) build but this wasn't an issue for me. i really really liked it.unfortunately, the first issue was wifi connectivity. within an hour or two of usage at home, my connection cuts off so i had to restart my laptop. the funny/weird thing was that ever since i had connectivity issues with my laptop, my roommate also had connectivity issues (maybe the card transmits and jams the signal? i don't know for sure...) but this was something i could live with. anyway, rebooting the laptop is a very very quick process (no exaggeration)!the second issue was that when i turned it on to watch netflix, my laptop took more than an hour to turn on. previous to this, it was working normally, so what happened was just bizarre to me. windows was trying to fix itself and then it later resumed normal operation. that same night i made sure to reboot it to see if this issue would occur again but to my relief at the time, it was working well again. however, the morning after, the same issue surfaced again. i was advised by the acer support team to perform a recovery; however, this didn't work out so well either. the recovery failed. the os was supposed to be stored within a partition in the hard drive but upon recovery, it couldn't access it anymore. i just didn't want to go through the hassle of buying the cd and a cd drive to try to fix something that got broken within a month.if you are the owner of a working acer aspire s3, that's great. it's just unfortunate that i received a defective product.

This is a piece of crap, breaking down 18months after purchased, and warranty expired.  Upon checking, it turns out many people have the same problem, that is White Screen cause by a cheap LCD cable, which by the way cause $120 to replace.  Don't buy this garbage.

I had this machine for 8 months and everything was going well. It had decent speed and overall performance even when using multiple programs at the same time, like web browsers, Adobe Photoshop, and InDesign. People also always gave it compliments for having such a sleek and beautiful design. HOWEVER, near the end of its 8th month, it just crashed and the screen turned black. It wouldn't turn on. It was such a pain to have someone figure out what was wrong with it. In the end, the battery was FRIED, and since the battery isn't user-replaceable, it was IMPOSSIBLE to find a new one. I gave up on it and got a new LENOVO laptop instead. BEWARE, you WILL have problems and you WILL experience how stinky Acer's customer service is.

I went through numerous RMA's and send back to Acer for repair.  I had nothing but trouble with each person I dealt with with Acer and the place I purchased this (newegg)  I had always had good luck with newegg before and since.  But this unit kept getting hot.  It did absolutely no gaming without overheating.  They kept saying it must be a bad unit, but they never fixed it, and they never offered to replace it.  I have gotten maybe 20hrs use out of it so far and the warranty is almost out now.  I will never buy another Acer computer again.  Sorry for the rant, good luck if you purchase this unit.

Times like this you wish Amazon would allow you to give ZERO STARS.  Right after warranty expired I started to get 2 to 3 blue screens of death per day.  Acer would not help --trying to get any support from their website is an exercise in frustration.

The trackpad was unresponsive at times, getting the right click was tedious, I returned it because of that. despite that the machine has a beautiful design, ultra portable.

For $800 this was the worst purchase I have ever made. The quality of this ultrabook is complete s***. I honestly wish I would have paid $200-$300 more to get a higher quality ultrabook. Where to start....the sound quality is awful, and at full volume is not very loud so you will always need earbuds. The picture quality is terrible, if I take a picture of myself or chat with someone on skype it is noticeable that the picture is unclear and the color is distorted as if there is a filter on it. After one month of use the finish on the keys had already started wearing off and the mouse pad started sticking on one side. The display half of the ultrabook wobbles so much while you type it will make you dizzy. And the build is just plain cheap...there is a strip of black plastic at the connection between the display and the keyboard parts that has already cracked right in the middle...nothing happened so I guess it was from simple handling.The product looks really nice when you see it online...but when you take it out of the box you might be disappointed, and with a couple of months of use you will surely be really disappointed. Get something else.

I wanted to like this computer.  I really did.  The amazingly thin profile, the light weight, the aluminum cover--all very, very nice.  The keyboard is pretty good, and it is certainly quick to start up.That being said, this little machine is so frustrating that I will be returning it.  Here's why:1) The touchpad is atrocious.  If you don't start your swiping motion precisely in a small area at its center, the touchpad will either execute a click command, or it will simply ignore you altogether.  Frustrating.2) The touchpad also has a weird delay to it.  Swipe from the correct spot on the touchpad and you'll still have to deal with a nice relaxing break before the arrow begins to move.  Frustrating.3) All the talk about how easy it is to connect the S3 to a wireless network?  Bull.  Unmitigated bull.  I've spent the last 3 days attempting to get online with it, but no success.  I've got 2 other Windows 7 machines getting along nicely with my network, but the Acer is having none of it.  Frustrating.4) Acer is apparently not standing behind this computer.  Chatting with a technical support rep, I was informed that the wireless connectivity problems I continue to experience are not hardware-related, and therefore Acer will not be helping me with them unless I give them more money.  Yes, it was put that baldly.  Inexplicably, as of this date, Acer's website does not offer any drivers for the S3.  When asked about this small oversight, the Acer rep simply denied that this was indeed true.  Fine, Acer, you win.  I'm returning your well-designed paperweight, and you can figure out what to do with it from there.

I enjoyed my S3. It was so much more portable than my old, big laptop. That was in the past tense because my S3 just wouldn't start this morning. No lights, nothing. Dead. It is less than six months old. To have a computer fail after six months is a sign of poor quality to me. Sending it to Acer for repair. I fully expect that they will find something that gets them off the hook from doing the repair under warranty (I'm sorry sir, but you were using your S3 while breathing. That is clearly a violation of the warranty terms.) I hope they prove me wrong.

I bought one from staples for less than %600 and thought it was a good deal. However, its hinge broke after a bit over 30 days. Now I cannot return it. They have no local technical services. You have to mail it in and there is no guarantee they will fix it: they often make up excuses to avoid their warranty. So I am afraid.

It is a beautiful slim computer, but performance is not the best. I have one since December 11 and I'm not happy with it. The ultrabook usually overheats, specially when using videos. When it overheats, the computer goes slow, or even stop to work, what is ridiculous for a new computer. The fan is noise, usually running at maximum speed. The HD also makes some sound.The battery is fair for the size (~3 hours), but I miss my old Acer 4810T (~6 hours). The touch pad is not the best, the keyboard is ok. Definitely the S3 is not even close to a Mac Air. It is a nice computer for travel (size and design), but to pay ~ $ 800 for a "netbook" is ridiculous.Pros: Beautiful, slim.Cons: Easily overheat, that makes it lose performance, and the fan makes a annoying sound.Don't spend ~ $ 800 on this. Buy a ultrabook with full solid state hd (less noise, more performance). Be careful with overheating on these small computers, it kills performance.

What a major led down.  I saw mostly rave reviews here and decided to give it a try.  There's really no point to go into the positives if the most basic functions like the keyboard and mouse pad are not usable.Keyboard:I read about the potential "getting used to" on the keyboard but didn't realize it's that bad.  Certain keys would not register UNLESS you have to be precise on the where your fingers land on the keys.  This seems to affect certain keys on the keyboard.  So imagine if you're a fast typist like me and constantly second guessing yourself on which key you hit and or you will need to constantly go back to correct yourself.  This is just insane. If you havfe carpal tunnel syndrome don't even consider this laptop. The keyboard was so bad that I had write this review on my desktop, it was just that frustrating.Mouse Pad:The mouse pad is a single piece design and it's integrated with the left and right button.  The problem is that it's big enough where you accident hit the right side and right click appears accidentally.  Seems to be better with the tap click featured disabled but it's not really a true solution. Also, mouse clicks is not as sensitive as it should be so you need to press harder.  I found highlighting text very difficult and you have pay extra attention to get the job done.Other issues (not a showstopper but I personally didn't' like)Build QualityThe build quality is on the cheap side, so look like an Apple Mac Air it's certainly doesn't feel like one.  The case shell feels more plastic than alloy. If you seen the Mac Air you can easily feel the difference.  Granted the Air book is about double the price of this ultrabook so just want to clear up some expectation.Screen resolutionDepending on what you used in the past this may or may not be a problem for you.  At first I thought the resolution won't be an issue since it's a smaller 13.3" inch screen and found the display space is not adequate for my needs using the native resolution/lcd size combo.Screen viewing angleIt seems like I have play with the view angle on this laptop more to get it right otherwise it's appears to be washed out towards the bottom of the screen.  This is annoying since it's not the normal viewing angle and you have to push the LCD more back to get it right.Sound systemIs this just a gimmick with this "Professional" tuned Beat Audio thing?  I found the sound horrible almost sounding like mono.  I have a 5 year Lenovo T61 with better audio.  Perhaps this is due to the fact the the speakers are at the bottom of the laptop which makes it sound muffled.  This is also a horrible place to place the speakers.  Why not place facing you at the LCD?I paid $599 for a refurb shipped.  I would probably kept it if it weren't' for the keyboard and keypad.  This is the basics for any computer, how could Acer screw this up (so bad)?

I bought this laptop and after 25 days it started to show some problems in the touchpad and the screen started shaking while I was typing, which is something very annoying. I called the technical and they did not help me so I decided to return this product and I bought a Macbook air, and it was the best bought I've ever made.

I bought this laptop today after looking at it online. Right out of the box, it was nothing but trouble. The automatic update failed to update the usb ports so that nothing I plugged into them worked. I was on the phone with support for almost two hours trying to figure out that I needed new drivers. And Windows 8??? OMG that is the worst program I have ever seen. After spending the day doing things on it, I'm ready to pull what's left of my hair out.But the reason I'll be hauling myself down to the store and begging them to take it back and refund my money is that the power and usb ports are on the back of the machine, not on the side like they are for every other laptop I've seen. It doesn't seem like a big deal, but if you plan on using your laptop in bed or snuggled up on the sofa, anywhere that your body might come in contact with the back, forget it. It joggles the usb connections, making the attachment continuously unload and reload. The power cord has a small transformer close to the plug and it addition to the cord getting tangled up underneath the computer, I was constantly having the thing sit down wobbly because I sat it onto the desk and the transformer was under there. Continuous PITA to try and remember to pull the cord out of the way before setting it down on a surface. The port placement is completely impractical. The designers obviously didn't try to actually use the thing in daily life.Avoid this thing like the plague!

I bought an Acer Aspire Pc 6 months ago and the dvd burner has went out. I spent hours today on the phone with them having me to factory reset my computer (they had to look it up to find out how that was done and I was already in the process of it being restored before they said go to start menu. It took me a couple of hours to remove stuff from my computer to my external (and i probably missed some stuff) plus i have to reload all my programming that the restore deleted. This would absolutely fix my dvd burner.......of course it didn't. Than i had to call back and I talked to another CRS to have him keep repeating (rudely)First he said i had to send my whole computer in, i refused, I had read too many bad reviews of people sending their whole computer in and the company saying it was banged up in transport and they had to have $200 to fix the cosmetic problems before they would fix internal problems. When I refused and asked for a new dvd burner sent to me with a return postage sticker so i could send my old one back he told me I had two options they could take my credit card number and put a hold of $150 and they could send out me out a new dvd burner and if i sent the other one back (like i have use for one that doesn't work) or I could send mine in and they would send me a new one out........I told him that that was unacceptable. I asked for his supervisor and the supervisor (another very condescending and rude person) would only repeat the same thing. I asked to be transferred to his supervisor and was told he answered to no one, and hung up on me. Than i called back and they had me uninstall and reinstall my dvd burner and that was a guarantee fix. It wasn't. I am at wits end what to do. I have read way to many reviews of people sending their stuff in and never getting it back and I will not pay $150 for something that you can buy in the store for around $50 and to top that off the way they run their business i would never give them my credit card number. They are the most unorganized and rude company it has been my misfortune to meet. Do Yourself a favor.......DO NOT BUY ACER PRODUCTS!!!!

The noise of the fan is awful. I cant stand it. Dont be as stupid as i have been. Do not purchase this laptop !!!!

Inspite of being soooo good and attractive in its looks, this laptop failed when it comes to hardware... I ordered one and that had a malfunctioning trackpad... When connected to an HDTV through HDMI, the trackpad went crazy... I sent that back and ordered for a replacement and that the same prob  and some more.. The spacebar was not correctly responsive... The bluetooth never worked properly... I felt soooo pissed and returned the item.. I have a netbook of acer that has been performing really well over the past two years and after buying this laptop, I ve lost respect for ACER.. I guess the entire electronic industry is now more of managers and less of engineers... that is y u get attractive products but not performing ones for a good price...ON THE WHOLEACER S3 tried to make it early and will prob leave earlier than expected...BAD HARDWARE INTERFACE...

i receive my acer aspire s3 via ups. rush home turn it on set it up and then did a windows live update . the computer crash it would not boot up.i got a "disk read error occurred" i called acer and they try to help me but at the end they told me i had to send it for repair because it would not recovered... i told then i just got it ? WTF.. i dont know if i recommend this item to anyone but all i know is that i want my money back.

I had high hopes for this computer, but it has given me nothing but trouble. I've had it for a year and a half now. During the first year, the computer went through a phase where it would just shut down for no reason. The sound card would also turn off intermittently, as would the sound control. The battery died the day the warranty expired. I'd been having trouble with the CD player for a while, but it would play some CD/DVD if I got lucky. I didn't use it that often. Now the CD drive is not working at all, and none of the fixes suggested in the support pages work.The cover also gets very easily scratched.

This computer gave me SO many problems. While I was pleased when I got it, this computer absolutely caused me to hate technology. I dealt with problems ranging from the soundcard to the wireless adapter to adobe flash. Better yet, over its 1 and a half year life I had to replace the hard drive, the ac adapter, battery, AND motherboard. I don't know that much about computers, but I know that's plain wrong. If you are lucky enough not to have the same problems I did, that's great. However, you'll probably still be disappointed with the meager battery life, the trackpad, and the customer support from HP.

Well, how to start....The specs on this quaint little laptop are pretty nice for the price. I've never owned an HP and I was debating between the DV4-1430US and the Toshiba Satellite A505-6973. Both had similar specs, the Toshiba with a bigger hard drive. But I'm a sucker for the 14" laptops for their mobility. I must say that I didn't actually purchase the HP from Amazon. I got it from another retailer because of a lower sale price. So, out of the box, this is an attractive little unit. Light weight yet sturdy. Basic functions are quick. I'd heard that HPs ran a bit hot and that this model was not an exception. But I didn't find it to run quite as hot as my previous laptop that is only a year old (gave it to my nephew - that's why I bought this one). Anyway, for the basics: internet, writing papers, doing some programming -  it was fine.Here's where the review goes downhill and the reason for only 2 stars.Never got a chance to really test the "entertainment value" of the DV4-1430US. My keyboard stopped working. Wouldn't respond to anything. Luckily, I was within the time frame to return it to the store and did so immediately. Exchanged it for another - same model. By the second day of having the new one, definitely noticed that the hard drive was running very loud. I'm an IT Systems technician for a large company and while some people may not really notice the loud hard drive, I recognized it right away as something that would wreak havoc very soon. Because I have another week to return it to the store, I've hung onto it to get a chance to "window" shop for another because I'm definitely not returning it for the same model. Well, guess what....? Blue Screen of Death tonight. So, I'm pretty much guessing that's my queue to figuring out whether an HP is right for me. Too bad. They have some nice looking laptops.Will probably go with the Toshiba. Amazon still has it for a nice price and I'm a big Toshiba fan. Guess I should learn to stick with what I know works.

Its been 6 months now since my husband brought one. There are many things I dislike in this laptop1. The keys are flimsy and started coming out in just a few months. 2 keys are totally damaged (including spacebar :( )since they don't even latch in place.2.  Battery stays on for just 30 mins3. Ever since we owned it, we are having difficulty with the touch pad. I have tried various settings but either they react especially while typing, or they don't react at all.4. Ours have windows 8 and its a steep learning curve because of all the nuances. Sidebars and full screen opened apps keep popping up while using touch pad.Its too inconvenient

It was cheap so bought it for Black Friday. However, the mouse pointer jumps when least expected while tapping. Its quite slow. Its not dual or quad core.keyboard is not too bad.display contrast as with dell is not great.

very heavy laptop...difficult to carry with one hand. the weight should be specifically mentioned. it weighted almost 4 kg. disappointed

I bought this computer after having an HP laptop for over 7 years. I figured trying another brand out would be my best option but I was wrong. What attracted me to this laptop was 15.6 inch screen and the AMD elite quad-core. I'm a light gamer so seeing League of Legends run worse than my old computer, something had to be wrong. All-in-all, the laptop gets the job done as far as having a computer goes (since having a computer is better than not having one all together). It's below average as there are cheaper and better options out there. For the price, I expected something a little better but I learned the hard way. Everything seems to be ran below average on this computer. It fell flat for my expectations and I will use my experience for future purchases. This was a new model that came out in Feb-March 2014 so I had high hopes.

Nice laptop, clean and easy to use, well built and battery is solid.  However, this computer even with the AMD Catalyst Turbo software installed and enabled the laptop could not run the following games or software even on the lowest in-game graphics setting:World of Tanks, Left for Dead 2, League of Legends, Pro Tools 10,You get what you pay for and if its to good to be true, then it most likely stinks.

I've had this laptop for a month and a half. After minimal use, only for email and photos at this point, the thing stopped working completely.  It doesn't even power up.  I can't return it because the deadline passed a few weeks ago.  $600 for nothing!!! It is the worst product/ experience I've ever had with Amazon.  I took a gamble buying a laptop online, and it failed me. I don't care what positive experiences others have had with this product, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Very, very upset and disappointed.

it is very difficult to connect net by wireless, and it`s no earphone mic, especially for home use, I think this laptop is not use for home net.

Hp laptops work well when they are working, but be forewarned - they do not last.  The motherboards get hot and burn out.  It is not worth the money to fix/replace a motherboard.  There is no response from HP on their support site regarding this issue and HP continues making them.  Before buying any HP, please look at the problems encountered with this issue.  Count on this notebook lasting one year.

Love the speed, power, screen, the sound, the keyboard.  Don't like the placement of the touchpad.  It is set too far to the left and I am right handed so I often activate the Windows 8 side menu.  Don't like the connection juncture between the ac adapter and notebook.  It's kinda thin and feels flimsy so you have slow down and careful thread it in.  I had to return the laptop because the touchpad was driving me crazy.  I tried blowing out and reinstalling the driver but the touchpad just wasn't functioning correctly.  I had zero control of the mouse.  I had to use the touchscreen to navigate and that gets old, fast.

This computer was dead out of the box. It was returned for credit. I would avoid this item unless you enjoy returning faulty items.

Customers service is a crapI bought this laptop few months ago,and i think it was the worst decision that i had made in my life,the screen get cracked spontaneously, and Sony refused to repair it.they have the worst customer service.i am not gonna buy any Sony product again.

poor description, the picture show u is a "touch screen" and this model SVF 14322CXW 14 Inch i3 Laptop is NOT touch screen

I bought a Sony VAIO computer (not this model) 11 months ago and when it stopped working Sony initially had a repairman come by to try and repair it and he couldn't, so he had me send it in to the company. Now they say it has been damaged and for them to repair per "agreement" it will cost me $470. The initial repairman said nothing about damage but all they say is that "Our tech says there is damage and it is not covered".  Really!! Damage all of a sudden appeared even though it was not working before and you don't acknowledge that  So all I can say is, DO NOT BUY ANY SONY VIAO COMPUTER.  I am now looking at buying another computer since I definitly am not paying to get that computer back and have another problem to go though this again.  It is just a wasted initial purchase of over $600 that I made, but don't make the same mistake.  We are mailing the "damaged" computer to the President of Sony Electronics in San Diego for a paperweight.  Stay away from Sony.  If I can help someone else avoid that problem then maybe that is why this happened to me.

I have had mine for 4 years and the warranty just expired in those years I had 9 hard drive failures the mother board had to be replaced the cooling system replaces twice the cd  rom replaced and the biometric reader replaced twice. It had never been dropped  and sat on my bed on a laptop table. it has been a nightmare I have had two other dells that I loved a inspiron 1501 and dell inspiron 1520 so I was happy to purchase another from dell but from now on i plan to purchase older laptops that were before dell started making there laptops so light and cheap.

Wow!  So frustrating!  Just spent 48 minutes on my now 4th call to Dell "Custormer Care", who doesn't seem to care (or have the ability to care), at all! Dell Driver Download Manager updated the software for the fingerprint reader on my Vostros 3550 laptop, and now it doesn't work. I called Dell to see if I could get the previous version of the software, but Tech Support's owner registration info doesn't match what Customer Care has. I registerd the laptop in my name when I purchased it new from BestBuy (BestBuy bought it from Buy.com. I have no idea who they buy from...)  Now Customer Care is telling me to contact  "them" to see if I can find out who purchased the computer! I PURCHASED THE COMPUTER AND REGISTERED THE COMPUTER THE DAY I BOUGHT IT! I HAVE THE RECEIPT'S AND MASTER PACKING SLIP FROM BUY.COM, but according to Dell, I don't own it!  Customer Care won't tell me who "they" are (the people I'm supposed to contact that it is supposedly registered to), but expects me to contact "them" to straighten out the registration. Also told me that my warranty is invalid until I get Dell's error straightened out!  Dell's records concerning the registration of my computer are in error, but they expect me to correct it by contacting an unknown entitiy.  Need to rename 'Customer Care' to, 'We just don't/can't care'!  Service Request #: 859372101 (KMM141813026V3810L0KM)

Why would you pay this much money for an OLD version of this laptop? You can buy a much newer M17x from Dell with the next gen processor, bigger hard drive, and better video card for less than this!

I have owned this laptop for about 8 months at this point.  Let me tell you that is by far the fastest laptop I have ever used.  It handles most games with ease at full graphics.That being said there is a major flaw with this laptop.  Within 2 months of owning the laptop, the keys started popping off.  Dell does have a picture tutorial on how to put this keys back on, but if you follow the tutorial it will often lead to adjacent keys popping off.  And if you push too hard when trying to get the keys to latch, then you are out of luck.  Luckily my first experience with Alienware customer service ended in a keyboard replacement in less than 2 days from calling tech support.  However when it started happening again tech support was not that helpful.  I was told I would need to purchase a replacement keyboard for $110!  The laptop is under warranty for 4 more months.  I was even considering extending the warranty.My suggestion is to use the built in keyboard as little as possible.  I use a logitech keyboard now, my biggest issue is now the laptop does not really travel easily anymore.

this computer is a complete waste of money total junk after 2 months the battery dont charge very slow keys fall off  the back light does not work and more

This piece of junk is the worst machine I've ever had to deal with.  Microsoft Updates hangs the machine up in a "Failed to configure updates" loop and it's all but impossible to get it out.  I can't even safe start because the hangup is somewhere in the BIOS.  I have managed to work around it with an Ubuntu boot USB that confused the Asus enough to get me to the repair screen.  Fortunately, the first time I had this catastrophe I made a restore point and and was able to restore back it (yesterday).  It's not a week old.  Here's the thing: YOU CAN'T INSTALL ANY UPDATES!!!  What-a-piece-of-#$@!

I purchased this laptop recently thinking that it would be a satisfactory replacement for my HP G60 laptop that has been suffering from the blue-screen-of-death, however, my experience with this product has been abysmal. First, the Windows 8 OS that comes with this computer doesn't function correctly - some apps simply will NOT open. I attempted to open the Store App to see if I could update to Windows 8.1 and every time I received an error message stating, "cannot connect to the server, please try again in a few minutes." (when I was CLEARLY connected to the Internet since I was browsing the web on IE and Mozilla Firefox while I was trying to access the application). I should also note that the optical disk drive was faulty and wouldn't close completely. You literally have to HOLD the disk drive in so that the PC can read from the DVD, disc, or any other form of media of your choosing. Unfortunately, I had to hold the disk drive IN as I was installing the software that accompanied my wireless mouse; a highly unpleasant experience. I also kept encountering a myriad of pop-up ads and spam as I browsed the web using Firefox (I'm not sure why since I had Norton 360 installed on my computer and pop-ups disabled). Despite having antivirus software installed, I still came across a vast array of annoying pop-ups and advertisements. This is most likely not attributed to Firefox nor Norton since I am currently using both on my desktop computer and they work just fine. The web browsing experience on this PC was relatively slow and distasteful. This PC also did not come with Adobe Flash Player pre-installed (although I'm not entirely sure if it's supposed to but nonetheless I found it to be a nuisance to actually search it up and install it myself). The touchscreen monitor worked well, although it should be noted that the aforementioned negative qualities of this product greatly surpass the presence of the monitor.All in all, a very, very bad product and I would not recommend it by any means. DO NOT BUY. I'd much rather recommend an HP product or a MacBook. This is the FIRST time I purchased a notebook PC from ASUS and thus far I am sorely displeased with the quality of Windows 8 and the hardware itself. Again, I strongly urge any readers and potential buyers not to buy this product.

This laptop is awful, it is always lagging and having malefactions. The screen has cracked 3 times out of no where. I absolutely do not recommend this laptop to anyone for its horrific qualities.

We recieved a out of warrenty 2011 mac with severe screen artifacts. Returned it and have yet to get any feedback.

Bought it in January 2013. On March 10 the screen failed without any physical damage done to it.Called Toshiba and explained the problem. The technician instructed me to send the computercomputer to Toshiba Repair Depot (cost $25.00) to be fixed. Upon receiving the computer, Toshibainformed me that their warranty did not cover damaged screen. First of all, the screen was not damaged,it simply failed to perform. Second, why did the technician instructed me to send the computer for repair?The compute cost me $365.00 at Amazon.Toshiba Repair Depot offered to fix the problem as follows:Cost of the repairs (all amounts are USD)Parts:  $ 206.95  (LCD Panel)Labor: $60.00Total:  $ 266.95Plus:  $25.00 already paid for shippingTotal  $291.95I declined their offer, of course. Contacted Screendoctors.com and bought aa brand new replacement screen ($81.00 + 14.53 shipping = $95.53 total), including the toolsneeded to do the repair (that's 1/3 of what it would cost me to have laptop fixed by Toshiba).And the replacement screen comes with a two year warranty - which Toshiba does not eve offer.Shame on them!!! I will never buy another Toshiba product again and will spread the word around.

I want to describe the positives and insist that if you buy it or already own it, you must download the Toshiba Value Added tools to unlock the BIOS/CMOS and do so immediately since it can be done from within Microsoft Windows and eventually when Windows 8 fails to start, Toshiba Tech Support will unsympathetically dismiss your warranty and refuse to render service if you haven't unlocked the BIOS.  Their solution is demanding a fee to replace a hard drive they intentionally setup for failure.Aside from that, this is a very underappreciated and overpowered system, dollar for dollar it is a high performance server disguised as a 5lb sled with a lid and the prettiest screen you can buy for any price, even Apple Retina displays can't outdo the brilliance of this display. Spend about $50 for a RAM upgrade to the max 16GB and you can host a true server environment such as Microsoft 2012 Server used for cloud computing (they're trying to) or 2008 DataCenter the top line Battlestar of Microsoft Servers, even the 2008HPC r/2 that is gibberish for a purposely built Ferarri Windows Server tuned for efficiency this Toshiba can use.The color blue and violet is the best barometer when testing any LCD since those are the hardest colors mammals can interpret and it is masterful at depicting the entire color scale.  I could give you links to blue scarves or ocean scenes to chase down but they won't accurately depict the intensity unless I refer you to an online professional color scale site that shows mathematically how brilliantly and expertly this LCD is and you should visit it with your computer to determine how yours compares.But, it has major drawbacks that can kneecap your entire experience

I returned this laptop as quickly as I could. I realize it is low end, but I was hoping for something a little less, well, plastic-y feeling. And Windows 8 is terrible. Save yourself and buy a machine with any other operating system.

Good computer, but a major disappointment as it is downgraded in MANY ways from the previous model.  No longer useful for Art, Photography, Video professionals.  I have owned every upgrade to the Powerbook/Macbook Pro line for 9 years.  EVERY single one!  This is the first I had to return :(First the good-Very solid chassis, even more so than before.-some of the benefits the previous generation had-easier access to the hard drive for upgrade-Improved Vid card-Laptop that runs OSX, still the best operating system in use today!The Bad (compared to the previous generation)-Thinner by a hair, but wider and deeper yet a SMALLER battery?  Very poor choice by Apple.  End result = worse battery life in a larger laptop with the same size screen. (downgrade)-Keyboard, some do like the new keyboard, I do not.  It is simply not as good as the one it replaces. (Downgrade)-Screen screen screen, the glossy screens are absolute garbage if you want proper color rendition or if you want to use it anywhere that you do not have complete control of where the lights are.  Coffee shop?  Good luck.  Library?  I don't think so!  I am a professional photographer and I had to return the new Macbook Pro mainly because the glossy screen (no option for Matte anymore) has horrible color reproduction. (downgrade)-New Trackpad.  Apple has lost their way with the Macbook Pro.  The Pro part used to mean "for professionals"  this is definitely not the case anymore.  No button on the trackpad "neato" until you try to edit  a photo.  Try applying a brush while holding the whole trackpad down!  Same can be said of many programs. Basically this gimmick has many serious repercussions on real world use. (Downgrade)-Removed the Firewire 400 port.  Huh?  Still WIDELY used by Pro's.  A single Firewire 800 port just won't cut it. (Downgrade)-Very sad to see such a great tool fall into consumer trends.  Apple will slowly begin to lose it's ability to charge a premium for this product.  Much of the premium was based on the idea that professionals use it.  I genuinely think this will be a thing of the past in a VERY short time if Apple does not do something to fix this product.Sorry Apple, but you missed the mark BIG time on this one.The previous generation is still available as I write this and at GREAT prices.  I would grab the absolute best of that generation, as it may be the last great model.

I love my mac but really sad I was lied to and payed more money for something I did not received.I ordered this mac, and today looking on the Graphics Coprocessor and saw I had a NVIDIA GeForce 9400M 256MB instead of the Graphics Coprocessor NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT 512MB, and don't know if I could trust amazon again in an important purchase.Feeling betrayed.

Had hard time switching between two OSs.  Turned out tablet is shorting out somehow.  Sent it to ASUS, they sent it backed 'fixed'. Worked for a while, then same problem.  Great while it works, but very disappointing.  With display not working, can't do anything with it.

I received this Notebook/Tablet and it did not work....  I sent it back to ASUS for repairs....  60 Days later...  They still can not tell the problem with it or when I will be getting it back!!!  This is the worst company I have ever tried to get information or a working product from!  If you want something that works or a company with integrity.....  Look else where..

Well, I loved this for about a week or two, but it failed to meet my expectations.  I seem to also have the screen issues others complain about; which sucks, because I bought it for a trip so I could have a computer and camera....and now that I'm on the trip, I need to use a different computer because I cannot get the display working.  I have to wait 2-3 weeks until I return home to call Asus and complain, then based on the online discussion they want me to send it in for service...so who knows when I'll see it again, if I'll get any of my data off of it, or if they just give me a new computer and I lose my data, or if they'll fix it and it'll happen again.  Not to mention being out a bunch of money and laptop while I wait.

This is my second ASUS computer and I was very satisfied with the first one. I have had this one a month and 2 keys have fallen off. Service says that I have to send it in for service and it could take 2-4 weeks. I use this for work and don't expect a one month old computer to have to be out for service. Second issue is he WIFI which continually drops connections. The internet is loaded with complaints on this but their technical support seems clueless in resolving it. I have re-installed drivers, rolled back drivers, tried hard coding a IP address and every other suggestion of the support people and nothing resolved the problem.

Bought this laptop and was fairly happy with it until just over a month after I bought it it wouldn't boot up.  I tried all the hard resets and bios boot ups and nothing worked.  At least customer service didn't waste my time, they issued an RMA quickly and now I am waiting to hear back from the repair center.  All laptops can have problems but it seems so cruel to start having problems just after the 30 day return policy expires.

This computer has great specs, which is why I was so surprised that the screen was an average, run-of-the-mill matte screen.  I have matte screens at work, so the real issue was the quality of graphics.  It was not sharp at all.  I had bought this powerful laptop because it could handle video editing.  Who wants to edit a movie on such a mediocre screen?

Computer Dead on arrival.  Blue screen of death...  Going to have to return this which is extremely frustrating.  Buyer beware.

Bluetooth did not work, it took 2hrs to update....very touchy, slightest finger movement caused all kinds of issues, had it less than 8 hrs sending it back.  My 1gen i3 toshiba works better.

FYI, I am reposting my review of ASUS laptops here because I want to spread the word. This has nothing to do with Windows 8. Both asus computers I have are Windows 7. Having said that, here is my reposted review.i have two ASUS laptops. They are the worse piece of crap I've ever owned. ASUS makes good motherboards as i have one in my desktop computer and it works great. But both ASUS laptops have had many problems. I sent one into ASUS and it took weeks to get it back. The same problem emerged within a short period of time. ASUS refused to replace the computer with a new one. They will only try to fix the garbage you're stuck with. Both computers were rebooting themselves right in the middle of important work. One has slowed down so much, I finally gave up and ordered a HP laptop. That will be my second HP. I don't work for HP and don't make a dime by mentioning them but the hp laptop I currently have has been working great for four years and has been very stable. That's why I just recently ordered another one. So...STAY AWAY FROM ASUS LAPTOPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

After running updates to the laptop I was informed by Microsoft that the operating system was stolen.  The lap top will no longer work.

Received pc before delivery day. When I turned it on it worked at that time. After a couple of times it stopped working completely.  Sent it back. Did not like at all. Will not buy from them again.  JO

This laptop is wonderful at first. About 8-13 months later your doomed. You montior will go out and the laptop is made with a defective chipset that was recalled by Intel, but Samsung still sells the laptop. You can google Samsung NP-QX411-W01US monitor issues and find so many utube videos and articles about the monitor. With thinner laptops available these days its better to buy something else. When this laptop came out it was a very good one buy the hardware details and it will play hardcore video games but it wont last long enough to get your money worth and the manufacture warranty will not cover any thing. If I would have paid less than $500 maybe I would feel like 1 year is not bad but I recieved it as a gift years ago and the price was well over $1000 bucks. It was way before its time but the screen didnt last over its time. I'm sorry but I probably will not buy or even take as a gift another Samsung laptop. Its beautiful but its insides are worthless. Now I have to buy another monitor to replace the defective screen but with the chipset being an issue I'm sure the motherboard will burn out right after I replace the monitor. At this point I hate to say it but its boardline Dell quality and Dell sucks.

Update: After writing the review below, I switched my battery setting back to accepting a full, rather than 80% charge. I set the pc at 80% charge after several freezes and crashes, and based on a start-up recommendation one day that the OS provided. After a several weeks of this 80% setting, its extremely erratic and nonsensical power-remaining statuses, and many more crashes, the freezes and crashes are largely gone now that I'm back to it taking full charges (although they were present at this setting months back). Much better off now as OS stability goes. Still have the monitor problem with its silly "fix". Still two-stars.- - - -I bought this laptop new from Best Buy with a quick-decision process based on my previous laptop being unsuited for further travel.It has a wonderful exterior with an aluminum finish all-around and a nice tactile full-size (or near that) keyboard. It's memory capabilities are well beyond my day-to-day needs, or at least they should be if not malfunctioning.Off the shelf, everything was great except the touchpad, which is a giant pain-in-the-rear without going into your preferred settings in great detail. I admittedly took too long to finally go into this detail to get the spastic touchpad under some control, and if applicable I highly suggest readers take this time -- it is well worth the investment despite Samsung and Synaptics insane default settings and rocket science touchpad.All was good until recently and admittedly after traveling:- The monitor begun cutting out in 2 of 3 vertical sections, a problem other users have had based on tips online. This can be "fixed" by inserting paper inside the monitor assembly. While it works, it obviously puts pressure where there once was little or no pressure. Not comfortable with the fix, but it works and it doesn't cost a zillion dollars to have some techies go on a we-don't-know-but-will-charge-you-anyway quest.- There's some sort of hardware and/or software problem(s) causing frequent freezing, crashing, and shutdowns. I've uninstalled and reinstalled various programs, and ensured all Windows 7 software is up to date, with little noticeable improvement in its stability.- The battery seems to be going haywire, and whether or not this is tied to the previous bullet is unknown.Back to my recent travels, I cared for this laptop carefully as usual while moving about, and I don't remember any drops, bangs, or incidents that would have caused damage. And I firmly don't believe an unknown incident could logically lead to all the problems above.I really wanted to (and want to) use this laptop for a long long time, for travel and primarily photo work. But after only three years, it looks like it's regrettably become a stay-at-home freezing & crashing machine.Big letdown, and I'll be more wary of Samsung purchases in the future.

Pros:1) Good value2) Relatively attractive appearance3) Fast performance - I bought this to handle somewhat complex functions in excel, and it has performed very well4) Reasonable battery life - about 4 hrs from my experienceCons - to be honest, I probably wouldn't be writing this review right now if not for these disappointments:1) First one I bought had a broken sound card or something (the sound was making a terrible sound and would not stop).  Samsung replaced it pretty promptly, but still...2) I've owned it for just one year, and the keyboard has started to malfunction.  One day the "e" and "v" buttons will stop working, the next they'll be fine and the "t" won't work, etc.  Samsung has no updates to fix this.3) Poor responsiveness / placement of the trackpad.  The trackpad will often click in strange places while I'm typing (because your hands have to naturally rest on the pad while you're typing).  Additionally, the scroll function of the keyboard is very unreliable.Overall, the processor and things having to do with actual performance have been great, but the peripheral functions have obviously been lacking

I have bought Samsung NP-QX411-W01US last summer. The hard drive was broken in a month. I have to spend money to ship it to TX to have it serviced. Now right after a year the screen stops working correctly. There are 3 bands on the screen with the center band completely white and the right band completely dark. From the link below you can see that this is a systematic problem that happened to a lot of users. Because it is just passed one year warranty period I have to deal with this on my own. I regret to have bought this trouble. My advice: Stay away from this and all of Samsung's products.[...]

This computer is cheaply made.  The mouse pad is horrible and frustrating to use.  A separate mouse is required. The keyboard is also horrible.  I am sorry I wasted my money on this computer!!

This notebook has a nice appearance, but don't be fooled. If you plan to take your laptop on the road or use it with an external monitor, do not buy this product. The battery dies after 45 minutes of use after being fully charged; Samsung's claim of 9-hour battery life is completely bogus. I have tried a full discharge/recharge several times as suggested by Samsung customer service, but the problem persists.  The pre-loaded software is also buggy, particularly Samsung Display Manager and Samsung Recovery Solution.  Samsung customer service is also a big disappointment - technicians are not knowledgeable, and asked me to rebuild my system numerous times only to find that problems were not solved after hours of work.  My only option now is to ship the unit to Samsung for warranty service, leaving us without a computer for 2-3 weeks at a minimum, as Samsung does not provide a loaner computer during the service period.  Extremely disappointed - I will not purchase another Samsung product, ever.

This Vivobook S500CA is the second Asus which I have owned.  I purchased my other in 2010 and paid about the same amount of money for it.  As with most things, the quality seems to be diminishing, specifically, the keyboard.  Asus appears to have tried to make a buck by producing a lower cost keyboard than they they did previously.  The keys on this keyboard are almost identical in looks but do not perform at all like the earlier model.  The biggest problem is the space bar which frequently does not register.  I cannot get through a normal paragraph without having to back up and correct the missing space.  I've had it happen twice so far while writing this review.  All the keys seem stiff and do not give me the positive indication of being pressed that my original Asus did.  Oops, there's another mis-hit!  I find typing on this computer a frustrating experience and am considering returning the computer.  One other minor issue I have with the computer is the lack of a second headphone jack--again, seems to be a way Asus can save money.  Every time I plug headphones into the computer I have to answer two questions regarding what type of device I'm plugging in.  It would be nice if I could set a default since I never plug in a mic.  I do like the sleekness and the low weight of the computer.

I use to love the brand name Asus; however, after receiving this laptop...  I definitely dislike it with a passion. Barely bought a few months back and i'm already having so many problems. It gets really hot because of the fan and makes so much noise. It shuts off by itself sometimes. The screen flickers on and off for some odd reason.. Should I go on? I mean I still like some of Asus's products, but this one was not what I had expected at all. It could possibly be the people I bought it from, but still..

If you are going to use your laptop every day buy Apple Asus is heavy and not very  responsive . Yes Apple is double the price but it is worth the investment

I am a tinkerer with a computer science degree -- so know how to get around tech issues.  Bought this for someone who is not extremely tech-savvy because of the mix of features (touch screen, fast bootup promise, windows experience).  This machine has given nothing but problems since the day it arrived.Was extremely slow out of the box.  Did not connect to wireless network.  Used windows store to upgrade to 8.1 and started working....very slowly.  A day or two later showed some message suggesting that he "refresh" to address the slowness.  From what I can see, the machine reset to factory settings.  Wireless down again, slow as molasses (1-2 and you're back on??  Must be geological time) and unable to activate windows.Called Microsoft who claim that due to OEM installation, they are unable to help and must call t.  Called ASUS and they say they will request Microsoft for key and the key will arrive (by email) after 24-48 hours!!!All I can say is Wow!  ASUS and Microsoft really know how to be competitive when consumers have a thousand choices.

I should have just bought a chromebook.  This is an overpriced machine.  Further, it is delivered with a bunch of needless software that slows everything down.  Finally, I get booted off the internet every time I use this machine.  EVERY TIME!  It is too expensive for what you get.

Laptop did not work when I received it.  Black screen, wouldn't turn on at all. Very disappointed as I was really looking forward to this delivery and was very excited about my much researched purchase. Amazon worked with me and did a great job on the return though.

I only used it for 2 hours before touchscreen started glitching and registering touches both while the computer was being touched and when not touched at all - even several minutes after not being touched. I am returning it - super easy with Amazon- and am going to get a replacement and give it one more try.

I am so upset with this $600 purchase. Windows 8 is just straight awful. Asus restarts the computer daily and you can't get out of it, it is completely disruptive and takes forever. Video playback is poor. I find the keyboard frustrating, the touch screen aggravating due to the set up. I could just go on and on. I work at home on the computer constantly so I'm not one to just complain about what I don't know. What I do know, is that this is not user friendly and the software is unusable.

Was a very upset because its a Christmas gift. But what can you do? "NOTHING"!!! Product charged for two hours and when attempting to boot NOTHING!!! Lights come on NO PICTURE NO SOUND Black SCreen. Ordering a different product.. Shipping Speed was Outstanding!!! Sad my baby girll will not get her Christmas present from me unitl after Christmas.. This is the first time I have ever had to return any product I have received via Amazon. So I am still an amazon.com customer.

First of all, sorry for my English, it's not my mother language.On October 31, 2013, I bought an Asus VivoBook S500CA in Adorama Store, NY, during my vacation. Back to my hometown, in Brazil, after few months of use, some problems: instability with wireless system, unexpected shutdown, loss of performance, noise in sound system, damaged touchpad. On January 14, I made my first contact with Asus Customer Service. The first answer suggested me to contact international service because my product was bought in US an I could not ask for warranty in Brazil. After a few complaints in specialized websites, they accepted to receive my Vivobook for warranty repair.On February 22, I received a message saying that my notebook had been sent back to me, but no tracknumber was sent. On February 25, I received another message from Asus telling me that there were a problem during repair or delivery and they were going to make a refund to me. Considering I had a prior message telling me that product had been sent, I understood that my notebook had a problem during delivery and was lost. So, at first, I accepted to receive a refund. But, Asus is offering a refund less than the amount paid, because they are not considering the taxes I paid after. Also, the document they sent to me is saying that the computer is in possession of the company and that I asked for the refund. That is not true! They didn't give me the option of receiving a new model of the same product. After my complaints, I was informed they don't have the same model (of a new product highlighted in Asus website) or similar to offer.I'm very disappointed with Asus products and Customer Service. When I bought it, I considered it was a good choice, because they have a Customer Service in Brazil and it was highly recommended at the store. Now, I don't have a notebook for more than 2 months and I'm not sure if I'll receive the money back. In a Brazilian website for complaints, I can see I'm not the only one with the same kind of problem.So, I'm here to let you know what kind of problem you can get if you buy (please don't do it!) an Asus.

After loading Microsoft Office Professional 2010 + Microsoft Security Essentials I began receiving messages from Microsoft that the version of Windows 7 was not authentic and that Security Essentials would shut down in 30 days in addition to automatic updates all failing. A little phrase above the time on the lower right of the screen appeared and stayed there: "not an authentic version of Windows 7". Since I had already loaded MS office professional 2010(a very expensive program)I was forced to buy an authentic version of Windows 7-and load the authentic product key- BRINGING THE TOTAL COST TO WELL OVER $400.Over a month later this PC is full of qwirks.DONT BUY FROM DISHONEST SELLERS LIKE THESE PEOPLECOMMUNICATIONS WITH THE SELLER REVEALED THAT HE IS BARELY LITERATE.The Amazon claim process is 99.9% automated and individual issues are not well addressed.I would not want to return a pc after I loaded MS office and was forced to buy an authentic version of Windows 7. That would be returning a much more valuable product than the one I bought.I requested a refund for the authentic version of Windows 7. The automated return process is not set up for specific requests and only offered a return.ABSOLUTELY NOT WORTH IT!!!!

Bought this one because I need a light one when I travel this summer. However, the first time I got it it did not work. I thought the battery was out of charge and charged it for an hour but it still didn't turn on. Fortunately enough, after three days of charging I was able to turn it on when I was writing my final paper for the semester. However, that's the ONLY time I could use it. Once I turned it off it never comes alive, and two days before my trip I'm here typing this comment on my smartphone with anger and anxiety. For the only time it works I would say it deverses the price. High resolution, decent reaction speed, and most win8 characteristics available. BUT you have to PRAY that you are FORTUNATE enough to get it turned on for a few more times.

These things are a piece of junk.  We were given money to buy our sons computers for living and doing school in Africa - decided to go cheap rather than buying just one mac.  Bought them.  Within a month, the first one froze - couldn't do a thing with it.  Got it fixed.  Before a couple weeks passed, it crashed again - this time couldn't go on the internet.  Got it restarted to factory settings...again.  The other two just got updated, and now one of them has the same problem - can't go on the internet - and we didn't even go on the internet!  I will NEVER buy another pc as long as I live.  Total waste of money.  Asus claims that it "inspires innovation, persistent perfection" - what a joke.  I might find some innovative ways of demolishing the stupid machines but that's all the innovation that I can come up with.

This particular seller sold a computer that only worked for 31 days. Instead of doing the right thing he hide behind the amazon refund policy. He knew that computer was not working properly. I have a main computer that I used for work and rarely used the new because the purpose of the computer was a back up if my main computer stop wroking. Please do not purchase anything from this seller because he is hishonest.

had to return computer was defective upon arrival battery would not charge or retain power. returned to amazon for refund

I purchased the laptop as a gift. The battery would not hold a charge, as soon as the power cord was unplugged the computer would shut down and take a half hour to be usable again once it was started back up. Disappointed that Toshiba, a manufacture that one would expect to be responsible, was not. I had to purchase a $60 battery, which, by the way, was very hard to find, my husband is in IT and after an exhaustive search found a similar battery. Replacing the battery enabled the laptop to be released from the power cord plugged into the wall to work.

The sound is horrible. If you like to listen music on your headphones, never buy this computer.  I picked it out because it had good processor specs for the price, but apparently they cheaped out in other areas to create a holiday bestseller. I honestly have never experienced sound this tiny on any laptop.  Toshiba support claims it's working fine... oh well.

I've run Windows and OSX for decades, but am baffled by this greasy mess.  It was a gift for my wife to replace her 5 yr old Dell (with 1/3 the memory and hard drive space).  In theory, there's  enough RAM and HD space, but this is laptop is a cow.  The battery won't charge, but that's a small matter compared to the bloated, fluffy garbage that comes pre-loaded.  It was a marathon just resetting it to the gross factory configuration for return.  A disappointment on every level.Added 3 months later:What DIDN'T mention is that I bought TWO of these at once.  As I said, the first was defective out of the box, but the other?  The left screen-hinge broke after 90 days.  That's two for two, and I wish there was a zero rating.  Glad to hear that many are having good experiences with these, but in 20 years of computers, I've never been so disappointed with a product.

You can plug headphones into a cell phone, and get great sound quality.  You can't, with this laptop.  I have never experienced anything like it.  Tinny, monotone sound, with NO volume.  Called the manufacturer and they refused to address the issue, and told me they couldn't help me.  If you're looking to use your laptop for any kind of media, stay away from this one.

Toshiba Laptop was the worst purchase I have made in a very long time. It came with Windows 8, which I hate. I replaced it with 7 but Geek Squd told me the keyboard was defective, as the cursor kept jumping back a space or two.I sent it to Toshiba repair, but they just reloaded windows 8 over my install and never replaced the keyboard. Sending it back again and then suing them in small claims court.

It did open a simple task  if it did only half screen. so many others issues like very slow I have high speed internet

I know this is a cheap laptop, but it would have been nice to use it for more than three months (light business and very little web use) before it crapped out.  Just a few weeks after I bought it, I had to restore it.  Then it worked decent for a month or so before I started getting hard drive failure warnings, and now it's kaput.  Luckily, they're replacing the hard drive and all I have to pay is shipping, but I shouldn't be sending off this item so soon.I don't recommend buying this.UPDATE: I spent twenty-five bucks for shipping with insurance to have the hard drive replaced.  The laptop arrived in the mail today, and after spending hours moving my files back to the laptop & reinstalling programs, I'm getting a blue screen telling me the PC ran into a problem and has to restart.  I've contacted Gateway support and requested a refund.UPDATE #2: Acer (apparently when I bought a Gateway, I was actually buying a disguised Acer) support tried multiple times unsuccessfully to fix my many problems with this computer, then asked me to send it in for repairs again.  I refused, as I am not investing another dime in this piece of junk.  They refused to give me a refund, so I asked for a new unit to replace this one, as it is completely useless.  They refused to do that as well.  "We do not offer refunds or replacements," they said.  I will never buy anything Gateway/Acer again, and I strongly discourage anyone else from doing so.

When I got this computer the windows 8 took a minute to get used to but I do like it. Have a little trouble with mouse pad being offset with the screeen and my big hands hitting it when i type. Download speed is a little slow to me compared to a friends HP laptop. Heres the big issuse I have. On the night of the second day having this, lines start appearing on the screen as if the screen is going down. Will call the shipper and see what they recommennd, but will most likely send it back and get an HP or Dell. This is too big an issue to have to deal with, but other than the screen acting stupid I do like it.Update on 10/28/13. On the 27th the mouse pad quit working, the cursor disappeared and I will be sending it back.

Broken straight out of the box. It would connect to the Internet, but it wouldn't stay connected. Everything else in my house connects just fine - Xbox, Wii, desktop computer, cell phones - but not this. Reinstalled driver and it said it couldn't find the wireless network card. It would still connect though...for a minute, or five or ten. Gateway is taking it back. Not worth the hassle

This is my very first laptop. There are SO MANY different processors & I had no idea what was better ~ I had no idea about anything! The only thing I knew was that I only wanted an inexpensive model, so I was happy to find one with so much memory for such a low price. And, I had always thought that gateway made a really good product. Well, now I wish I had done more research before I bought this one. It just looked so nice!The very first thing I noticed was that the keyboard looked like it was warped ~ all the keys look like they were removed & put back on without pushing them all the way down. After looking at friend's laptops, I believe the keyboard looks this way because there are so many keys on it. The number keypad is nice, but not all that important on a laptop. They could have spent a little more on the plastic they used for the keys & it wouldn't feel so cheap. Also, the pad itself feels awkward when typing, because there are so many keys on the pad, I have to center my hands way over on the left side, or I hit ENTER all the time... there is no space between the number pad & the typing pad because there are two ENTER keys.The other big problem I have with the keypad is that there are NO LIGHTS ON THE CAP LOCK OR NUM LOCK KEYS! This makes it really a guessing game when entering passwords... something I never thought about until they weren't there.Now for the computer itself... it is really fast. But, there are many times when I turn it on and it does NOTHING! Just a black screen. I don't think it is updating anything, because it doesn't even go to the start up screen to tell me it's doing anything. I have read about this happening to other people, too. I've just held the power button & let it sit for a few seconds, then turn it back on. I tried letting it go until it turns on, but it never does. I do believe this is a manufacture defect, but as long as it does turn on & start, I won't do anything with that... oh, and there is no lid lock on this computer ~ which is pretty minor. That is about all I have to say right now about the computer itself. WINDOWS 8 is a little hard to figure out, but once I figured it out, it was easy to use. and it was really easy to figure it out.I forgot to add this to the list of computer complaints... THE SPEAKERS ARE HORRIBLE!!! THERE IS BETTER SPEAKER QUALITY AT THE LOCAL TACO BELL DRIVE THRU!! I have to use headphones if I want to listen to ANYTHING, because the speaker quality is so bad that it's almost impossible to tell if it's music or words or just static coming out!! However, the VOLUME buttons are very nice & handy to use!! (one for MUTE, one for VOLUME DOWN, and one for VOLUME UP).

Bought this in a store, not from Amazon, but feel obligated to warn others about this laptop.  First of all I was really bothered that this didn't come with Microsoft Office or the like, as did the last laptop I bought.  I guess that is the way now, making you pay for the additional software...lame.  Upon attempting to use the disk drive for the first time it was not properly installed....spent a good chunk of time with tech support, which we were able to fix it, but not off to a good start.  Now after only a couple months, the mouse is freezing up all the time; I've had at least one occasion where it wouldn't start without removing the battery and returning it before it would power up.  Couple times it's frozen completely and I need to manually shut down.  Also, as most people find, Windows 8 is a disaster to navigate, so confusing, impossible to find basic stuff, open two folders at the same time, etc...  not a good operating system.

The computer stopped working a couple of weeks after I received it. I already sent a complaint to you and supposedly you are working on it.It is, according to a computer technician who checked it, a severe electrical problem, probably due to an accident. The computer has rough marks and a glued track on the bottom!!!I hope you would be able to take care of the problem. Thanks.Best wishes,Jose L. Martin, M. D.

Go to your favorite search engine and plug in this model and a choice keyword or two (Trouble" or "Problem" ought to do for starters).  I didn't want to believe that a Toshiba Notebook could be so bad, but it seems that the joyous reverie of other reviewers (I wish them well) is not universally echoed by owners everywhere. People are having awful problems with it shutting off spontaneously and then perversely not being able to shut it once it is running.  The Hitachi SATA hard drive dies on some owners. USB isn't working right for others.  Toshiba is uncooperative, the drivers for XP are darned hard to find, Vista crashes, on and on and on.  I can't vouch for all of these problems, maybe they're operator error or sunspots or alien abductions.  All I know is that mine is going back in the packaging and off to a service depot for a long rest, hopefully for the cure of two show-stopping problems (aforementioned dead disk after 4 months, and chronic shut down problems going back to since new).Bon Voyage. l'il notebook. we hardly knew ye.Caveat emptor.

This computer has so many problems, but the main problem is it has terrible wireless problems. I tried calling technical support and they I must have spent an hour on three different occasions and still not resolved the issue. This has to be hands down the worst computer I have ever owned and I owned an emachines that was rated as top ten worst computers ever made! I just sold the Dell to one of those online places that gave me way  less than what I paid for it. But I just want to wash my hands of this terrible computer.

Don't buy any computer with the Windows 8 operating system installed.  It was made for tablet-type products and is a complete, utter disaster for laptop and desktop applications.  I am a long-time heavy user of Windows products and, ironically, believe Windows 7 one of the best operating systems anywhere.  Windows 8 is more than frustrating, it is infuriating.  And don't think you can buy a computer with Windows 8 then just have Windows 7 installed as several close friends say this doesn't always work.  Your best bet is to buy a computer with Windows 7 already installed or go to Apple.

I have had it 11 months and now it goes off and on when working on it. I wouldnt buy it!

I was looking for a cheaper alternative to replace my aging MacBook Pro.  Fully understanding that I wouldn't be getting as high a build quality as an MBP (and hoping to save a bundle of money in the process), I pulled the trigger and ordered one of these.  It arrived dead, complaining there was no bootable device.  This probably happens a lot, because the packaging LeNovo uses is absolutely pathetic.  The laptop was shipped in a very flimsy box with the computer wedged in between a couple small pieces of styrofoam on either side of the notbook.  That's it. I'm pretty surprised that the computer didn't arrive with a few dents the way it was packaged.  Anyways, I called Lenovo support, and spoke with a gentleman who took my details, provided me a case number, and then attempted to transfer me over to another department for an exchange.  I was then bombarded by advertisements for a free $25 supermarket card and a free gas gift card by an automated system, then disconnected.  Confused by what had just happened, I called back the number I was given in case of disconnect and got the same advertisements.  It appears the LeNovo rep not only gave me the wrong number to call, but also transferred me over to the wrong number.  I called back the main support number, and spoke with a different guy.  He gave me a different number, and then transferred me.  While trying to enter in my number to the irritating automated system I was disconnected again.  I tried calling back the new number I was given, and it just rang forever with no answer.  So for the third time I called the main support number and actually ended up talking with the same person again.  He apologized and tried to transfer me in directly to the correct department, but was unable to do so.  Instead I was given yet another number to try.  By this point I had received a dead computer and wasted an hour just trying to talk to the right person.  Maybe the dead computer was a fluke, but there is just no excuse for the joke that LeNovo calls customer service.  Anyways, after an hour of a half of my life being hung up on on and waiting on hold, I had completely lost faith in Lenovo.  If this is the level of support offered to someone who was shipped a brand new dead computer, what is a regular warranty service call like?  When I finally spoke to someone who could help me, I said if you cannot ship me a replacement overnight then I would like to return the computer.  She said they do not ship replacements overnight.  I got an RMA number, sent the dead laptop back, and will be taking my business elsewhere. Hopefully they Lenovo won't botch the return like they have everything else.Update #1 7/1/12: Yep, they botched it, why am I not surprised? I ordered a bluetooth mouse with the computer, and it was set to ship a week or two after the laptop shipped.  When I told customer service that I wanted a refund on the defective laptop, the rep assured me that the mouse order would be canceled.  Well, I just received shipping confirmation on the canceled mouse order, and my credit card has been charged.  I'm still waiting for my refund on the laptop as well.Update #2 7/9/12: For those who are wondering, the computer was purchased through LeNovo's website, not Amazon. I really, truly wish I had bought this through Amazon, because I would have had my refund and been done with this weeks ago. If you must buy a Lenovo, go through Amazon or a retailer who has a reasonable returns process. I am just posting this review on Amazon for the benefit of others.  As of today I still have not received my refund from LeNovo for either the laptop or the mouse.  Last week I filed a complaint with the BBB. I received an email from the "Customer Advocate and Complaint Resolutions" department about 3 days later, but when I try calling the guy who emailed me he is never there.  Going though Lenvo "support" is a hopeless endeavor.  I sure hope Lenovo is enjoying the interest free loan they took out on my credit card.  What a racket!Final Update: Things got much better once the BBB was involved.  I finally got my money back after a month of waiting.

unfortunately I did not get to test this computer at some local store and got an idea about the screen quality before I bought it.on paper this computer has excellent specs for its size!!!! but the moment I turned the computer on, I noticed that the screen is very dark, and the colors off  :(  I played with the settings for hours and it did not help. I connected the computer to a monitor to see if it is the screen or the graphics card etc.  In a nutshell I concluded that it is the screen. I called the lenovo customer service, and after an hour of connecting to the computer and running tests remotely, I was told that "it is a new computer, with a new screen. it just comes with that (strange) coloring and brightness, and there is nothing they can do about it" . I sent it back to the seller, and lost $200 in the transaction for shipping and restocking fees etc.1- the screen that all y480 series come with, it is the cheapest screen I have ever seen2- if it was a faulty screen, then it was the lamest customer service I have ever experiencedother than the cheap screen it is a good computer ... if the customer service was helpful or if they could replace the screen I would have kept this computer. it has excellent specs for its size, but cheap screen coupled with cheap customer service made me change my mind about lenovo.It seems like PC companies are lowering their standards and competing with each other to produce the flimsiest disposable computers ever ... Unless you want a disposable computer, I would not recommend lenovo (except thinkpad series), hp, dell, compaq, asus, and even sony!!!

I bought this laptop, and at the same time purchased an SSD with the intent of upgrading the hard drive.Despite many attempts I could not install windows 8 with a clean install on the SSD.  I contacted Microsoft support and their team spent no less than 4 days attempting to install Windows onto the SSD with the brand new Y480 Ideapad.  After 2 days, the call center assigned me the best technician available at a tier 2 level of support.  The tier 2 technicians routinely perform about 10 Windows installations per day.  They usually take the most difficult install cases.  Using remote applications, they virtually monitored the entire install until boot.  They ultimately could not install Windows 8.  They concluded that the issue was my Lenovo laptop.I contacted Lenovo support.  I was continually disconnected from calls after waiting on hold for long periods of time (this happened 3 times).  Despite taking my phone number, none of the employees that I worked with called me back.  I escalated support to two supervisors and to the manager of the customer support - literally the person that sets procedures for receiving calls.During my calls, I discovered that there was a known issue with the Lenovo BIOS preventing users from making Windows 8 installs.  Despite acknowledging this, I was not offered any support or suggestions as to how I could solve the issue with the BIOS.  I was told that to receive any more assistance, I would have to pay for premium support from the software team.  The hardware staff was rude and not at all interested in actually supporting the Lenovo product.While this was going on, I read online forums and discovered a 'whitelist' maintained by the BIOS that only allows certain system configurations.  Based on my readings on the internet, I believe the whitelist limits upgrades to the wireless chip for example, to only a few manufacturers / products with a particular serial number.  Any other upgrade will not be integrated correctly by the system.  A forum even posted a non-whitelist version of the BIOS - though this is out of date and crashed someone else's computer.I speculate that the whitelist also has Windows activation codes that prevents clean installs of windows on the machine.Overall, this was a very frustrating experience.  Though I was never able to install Windows 8 on the SSD, I was able to use imaging software to backup and restore the HDD onto the SSD and essentially clone the hard drive (Not at all a straightforward process, I think due to particular configurations of this laptop).If I had to do this again, I would not have purchased this laptop, though it is very reasonably priced, and has great hardware...  The reason to buy from a large brand name like Lenovo (or anyone else - Dell , Toshiba , Apple, etc) is that when things go wrong, they support the product.Well the support is lousy.In the future, I would go with a small business laptop builder based on the internet.  Though these companies are smaller and don't have name recognition, I am certain that customer support would be MUCH better, there would be no weird proprietary black lists on the BIOS - I faced a similar issue with a Dell workstation I bought a couple years back related to a CPU upgrade, and I ignored my own advice from back then...  Generally small custom builders companies tend to be priced reasonably as they don't have a name brand to back them up - they may sell 'Sager' notebooks for example.  The name brands are irrelevant though, because all the internals are literally commodities.  And I would rather use a Sager motherboard without any tampering of the BIOS than a Lenovo / Dell computer with proprietary crap added to 'differentiate' their product.In the end, since I got the darn thing to work, I kept the laptop with my SSD, but definitely not dealing with this hassle again.

I purchased the Ideapad in September 2012 and after few days I noticed a portion of the screen cover was sticking out . I had to carefully close and open the lid fearing the entire screen cover might come out. I talked to the tech support guy and he told me that I need to send the laptop for repair and it will be done in 7 business days. This is the biggest mistake I've ever committed.. Believing his words. I had sent the laptop to the service center in Jan 2013 and since then i'm counting days.During the course of time I have made several phone calls to the support and all I hear is silly excuses. We don't know when you will receive your laptop and the thing that drove me nuts was they put my laptop on hold since the day they have received it. I was told I'd be getting a phone call from the service center to learn more about the issue but nobody called.Beware if you send your laptop for repair . Keep in mind the following.1. You will have to wait several days for the support center to work on your case.2. Lousy excuses from the customer service.3. You can only call the customer support to check the status of the repair. If you have any questions/concerns all they do is  send the request to the case manager and he will forward the request to the support center.4. You can check your status sure but you will not find any update.All you can do is sit and pray hoping you will get your laptop back someday.If you wish to endure all this you are at your own risk. For me I will NEVER BUY ANY PRODUCT FROM LENOVO IN FUTURE.

I guess this is a refurbished or used computer. It had all kinds of problems including not connecting to the internet and freezing. I would have to force it off as it would freeze in the shut down mode. I tried tech support and rebooted it. I erased everything off of it but it didn't fix the problem. Luckily Amazon is great at returns so back it went.

This product is terrible! I've had it about a year. It constantly over heats!!I can't even type a paper without it overheating and shutting down.

I purchased this item and received it in a timely manner.  However, 34 days after receiving it, the backlight was going out, etc.  I contacted seller and was told that it was over 30 days and I had to return it to the manufacturer.  When I contacted Lenovo, and gave them the serial number and model number, I was told it was a year old on December 28, 2012 so the year warranty had expired also.  I have no recourse for the issues with this computer and Amazon won't even assist me.  I've very disappointed in Amazon, and will not buy anything like this from them again.

Really wanted to get a another desktop, but my better half wanted a laptop. My 12 year old desktop still works great, just wanted something newer. We shopped around for awhile, and this had everything we wanted. Didn't really need it for anything to complicated, just internet, office, and xbmc for watching movies (It has an hdmi output which we had connected to our receiver).Took me a long time to get used to windows 8, but I was slowly coming around.After about a month, it started freezing about 3-4 times a week. Couldn't do anything except a hard reset with the power button. Tried just about everything, got rid of xbmc, got rid of acer apps, photos, everything. Finally decided to just reset the system from scratch. And, you guessed it, froze during that too.Just when I was going to send it in, it re-started, I put in all of my information again, started it up. Great. Went online to check my email.....and it froze again.Currently being sent back to Acer. If it comes back fixed without freezing, I will update and give back a star or two. But when my desktop I bought 12 years ago froze once (when the hard drive went after 8 years) and is still working great, I expected a little better than one month out of a brand new laptop. I am currently using that 12 year old computer to write this review. And its not freezing. After searching google and seeing the number of others with similar issues with Acer computers, I would never buy another one. Look elsewhere for your next computer.

When you purchase a refurbished product you run the risk of getting a lemon. They only have very short warranty so pay close attention to anything not working right. Catch it before your limited warranty expires.

After 1 month of light use of this laptop, the computer crashed. I had the one year Acer warranty and called them to get help, but they argued that the issue was due to a windows 8 software problem and could not help me. They wanted to charge me money to send a recovery CD to fix the issue.  Furthermore, they couldn't help me with recovering files.  Acer, if you're going to give warranties to your customers, don't say it's not your fault that a computer breaks after a month. Last time I will buy an Acer product.

Sent me a completely damaged computer with a password on it so I couldn't access it at first. When I wanted my refund they didn't apologize for sending the wrong one. They must have thought I was an idiot. The hard drive was 120 gb not 500gb, it wasn't running that software, it was a completely different model number, not the computer pictured, the ram and ghz were different and the computer was severely chipped and dirty

I am using this laptop for 2 years. This computer generates a lot of heat and time lag is occurred frequently. This is my second SONY laptop and will be last... There is an word in Japan that SONY will be out of order within 2 years.

Lovely machine with good specs at a high price. I thought I was paying for peace of mind and quality that will last.Within a few weeks, the screen gave problems. The battery is also loose. I battled with Sony technicians in a similar manner as the other person who wrote a review on this product. I made numerous calls, long long calls, got transferred from dept to dept and detected the Sony technicians lack of expertise. The Sony Style store finally replaced the machine with another one which I have been using for 1 week now and am getting the same problems. In addition, the sound has also started giving problems.

I bought this laptop for these reasons:-i5 procesor-good size HD-Push2TV technology-Backlit keyboard-Good looks/thin. Overall aesthetic appeal.Pros:-The computer feels great.-Light weight.-Keyboard is wonderful and backlight works great (although there is no manual switch i.e. the room must be dark for it to turn on)-Reasonably quick and decent battery life.Cons:-Lots of problems right out of the box requiring tons of driver updates.-High pitched squealing sound from speakers that required a full system restore to fix.-Choppy audio playback, updating the drivers seemed to fix this as well.-Push2TV technology is so slow that it is virtually unusable.-Plastic finish on computer is very easily scratched.Overall, I would not recommend this computer.  I don't expect this computer to last me more than 1-2 years and since I mainly use my computer to download and listen to music, the poor quality in audio performance is a deal breaker.  Do not even consider the Push2TV option as a bennefit, it simply does not work well enough.

I bought this laptop from Best Buy on February 6, 2010, shortly after it came out.  I have had nothing but problems with it and with Sony's technical support (technicians).  First, the technicians had no idea the laptop existed.  The day I bought the machine, I called to verify my warranty and three technicians at Sony told me I had only a one year warranty - it does actually have two years, and I think Sony finally knows this. The speakers have a terrible intermittent buzzing noise that is not helped by the driver update offered from Sony.  When questioning the difference between the software Vaio Messenger and Vaio Update, the Sony technician actually told me that Vaio Messenger was a bag, like a messenger bag.  The keyboard started squeaking 4 days after I bought it.  The touchpad is even defective.  Often the right click menu will pop-up without me clicking the right-click button.  Also the mouse jumps from one part of the screen to another.As far as the specs go, they look great on paper, but aren't any faster than a Core 2 Duo 2.1 GHz.  The automatic backlight on the keyboard only comes up for a few seconds before it goes out.  Firefox and Office 2003 will often stop responding.Sony technical support is terrible and I've often received conflicting information, sometimes from the same technician.  They have no idea that the Automatic Screen Brightness exists.  Every phone call I've made has been at least 30 minutes long and most are over an hour.  On March 24th I was offered on-site technical service.  Today is April 20th and I'm still waiting.  No one at Sony has even said "I'm sorry you're experiencing these problems."  Best Buy has offered to exchange the machine today and I am doing just that.You would do well to spend your money on a machine that works, isn't as expensive as this one, and with a company that actually cares about their consumer.

