You can't rate a dependable Chevy against a gold plated Cadilac because they are entirely different products.  This computer has a fast processor, an excellent screen, adequate storage,64 bit professional operating system and much more.  If you want something totally serviceable for high school, general office tasks, and college work short of engineering or advanced video photography, it is more than adequate - even for casual gaming and watching movies.  True, it is not just off the presses and does not have the state of the art features, nor is it fully future proof.  If you can find it for a descent price and don't use it for the highest level of performance, I can highly recommend it.  Most of the cost of a premium  machine is either in weight (maybe 2-3 lbs) or in 10-20%increase in quality.  That 15% costs a lot and you should ask if you really need it.  Gaming computers again are entirely different products. I have owned this laptop for over a year and it has served me well.  Other people might legitimately rate this a four start product but for my purposes its five starts.  The Amazon criteria is 5 starts for "I love it" and that's the way I feel.  To be honest I just love "think pad" products with the little red "thingy".  ( I do own a graphics computer for photography and gaming but for most of the tasks of life and business, I use this one.)Note:  I did increase the ram from 2 gb to 4 gb at my local computer shop; cost about $30.00.

Ok, so heres the deal. This is an incredible machine as far as performance and things go. Win8 is not bad, just still has some bugs that need to be worked out. THis sucker can handle Battelfield3 on ultra graphics with only a slightly slower framerate. The only problem is the networking capabilities are not the best, however, that is possibly a problem with the wifi on campus and sometimes the keys get stuck, but tap them a couple times and they come right up. Good machine for the money.

It's a great laptop with awesome all around performance.Pro:-Great Performance-i7 3rd gen processing-Blu-Ray/Dvd bay-Dual cooling system (looks pretty sweet in the back)-Good sound system-Key bumps at W,F,J, and 5 on the keypad-Pretty good boot speeds even w/o an SSD-Games really well-Lots of shortcut function mapped keys-Fans run really quiet-1 year of free Accidental protection once you register (fine prints says it doesn't cover "acts of god" though. lol.)-Republic of Gamers branding is pretty sweet and they include a few stickers, lcd cloth, and velcro-strap in the packaging.Cons:-HD but not Full HD screen rez (1600x900 i think so main screen won't blow you away with amazing pic details, but still good)-Touch pad isn't in a great place. I frequently trigger they touchpad shortcuts w/ my palms.-Subwoofer on bottom overpowers main speakers and this kinda muffles the sound since it's on bottom. (best w/ headphones)-Not a touchscreen, which kinda makes win 8 harder to navigate (touchpad is heavily required.)-All of the rubber surfaces gather fingerprints/grease/dirty stuff fairly easily. (cleaned of pretty easily w/ a microfiber cloth like the one included.)For Gamers: Touchpad often won't respond while you are using both keyboard and it. I recommend you buy an external mouse if you plan on gaming with it. (Asus is quick to remind you that they have Republic of Gamers headsets, ASUS  Republic of Gamers Shuttle Backpack for Laptop and ASUS  Republic of Gamers GX1000 Eagle Eye Laser Mouse for sale.)Not A+++, but definitely a fine laptop over all. Love it! The RoG says they based the designing of the case off of a fighter jet.(Notice: After writing this review I discovered that there was indeed a piece of protective plastic recessed over the top of the trackpad. I left it there since it seems to not affect the performance of it too much, and I doubt removing it would resolve some of the sensitivity issues. If anything leaving this piece there might help the trackpad from gathering as much fingerprints and grease as the rest of the case seems to do.)

I actually got this at staples with a coupon for $100 off the sales price.This notebook looks amazing! The top cover and inside frame are aluminum with the exception of the bottom being a smooth-rubberdized finished. The one that I got (black) have a very subtle brown appearance when coming in contact with bright light. The 11.6" screen have a very glossy finish which makes it very fingerprint prone. Trying to find a screen protector for the s200e is a little tricky, as Asus doesn't have a Buy option on their website (it's there but you can't buy it). Other sellers carry a wide variety of 11.6" screen protector, however I'm looking for one that covers the frame along with a hole for the camera. I came across a company called Kai (from HK)and ordered it to see if it will fit or not (order hasn't come in yet).I'm not an advance computer person but I do appreciate the 3rd gen intel processor that came with this notebook. The speed is fast, from the time that I turn it on to the time I shut it down. It loads quickly and perform on the same level if not a little faster than the average notebook. I've ordered a crucial m4 128GB ssd to replace the seagate 500gb hdd. Windows 8 runs great with the touchscreen. Scrolling and zooming through websites, apps, news, is effortless easy and fun! Battery life is phenomenal, I get around 4-5 hours before I have to find the charger and plug it in. However, replacing the battery will be a difficult task as it is internal. With networking, I do noticed that the wifi wasn't that great compared to my other dell notebooks. I don't know if it is the wifi chip or windows 8 that I can't connect to one of my main school's network (I had to use the "guest"). Typing on this thing is rather a challenge. It's not that the keyboard is small, but rather the sleekness of the keys itself. They are slippery and my fingers tend to slide pass the keys that I'm aiming for.Overall, I would recommend getting this notebook if you're looking for a small ultrabook notebook that has touchscreen capability and good overall performance.For me:Pros:+ touchscreen+ lightweight+ very high quality build+ good processor+ sleek and very attractive+ HDMI, 1x USB 3.0+ battery life (~5 hours)Cons:- wifi signal/chip?- screen/display is too glossy- slippery keys

I just got my Asus Touchscreen laptop today.  I didn't even know they had touchscreen laptops until I saw this one at Office Depot.  I have to say I love it!!  I needed a smaller laptop to take with me for work.  The netbooks were TOO small and the other ones were too large.  Like the three little bears.  HA!  Anyway, this one is just right.It measures EXACTLY 12 inches from the OUTER edges.  Although it's very slim in design, it's a tad heavier than you think it would be.  The brushed aluminum has a bronze look to it that I really like.  It's made extremely well.  No issues there.  The only thing is the battery life.  You COULD get 5 hours if you were just doing word processing.  Playing (I mean) doing work on the internet and other light applications drops it down to 3 1/2 to 4 hours.  My advice would be to buy an external battery pack like the Lenmar PowerPort External battery and charger.  That will add an extra 4 hours!!Windows 8 is okay.  I'm getting use to it now and the touchscreen is so much fun!!  The only thing I don't like is that it keeps asking you to setup a Microsoft online account to 'personalize' your computer.  Just another information scam in my humble opinion.  Also, the screen itself is sort of small, but it's better than a netbook.This model is the one in-between the Q200E and the X202E.  Don't get the Q200E!!! That one has a slower processor.  This model, the S200E is the middle version with the faster processor.  The only thing it doesn't have is blue-tooth which I don't really use anyway and the last model, the VIVO X202E apparently has some issues with the hard-drive even though that one has blue tooth.  I posted some pictures for everyone.  I hope my review is helpful. :PUPDATE:  Not that this is specific for everyone, but the Adobe Reader in Windows 8 with the READ ALOUD function actually sounds like A REAL PERSON!!  That's a big deal to me because I use mine for writing. :)

Update 26-Jun-2013: Hurray! The touchpad issues have been normalized with a driver update from ASUS. I downloaded and installed SmartGesture_Win7_8_VER201 from ASUS website. It fixes the issues with the touchpad. However, I still prefer turning off all features in ASUS Smart Gesture except for single touch "Select" and "Activate". Also, I prefer, in Control Panel->Mouse->Pointer Options, select "Fast" in pointer speed and check "Enhanced pointer precision". These have been a major improvement so I've raised my rating to a full 5 stars.Update 18-Mar-2013: Wanted to specifically mention that battery endurance is impressive for my usage. I can get up to four hours of web surfing if I needed it. I find that I'm more productive with this computer because the processor and SSD (user upgrade) are quite fast. My morning web surfing episodes are noticeably shorter.Update 15-Mar-2013: I improved the touchpad by installing ASUS touchpad driver from their website and customizing features. The current driver is named SmartGesture_ASUS_Win7_8_VER1036.zip. Once installed, double click the ASUS SmartGesture icon in the taskbar (usually bottom-right on desktop). My preference, YMMV, was to uncheck all features except Select and Activate. I still don't like the touchpad but now it's more predictable. I also changed Control Panel->Mouse->Pointer Options->select-a-pointer-speed a couple notches faster.The ASUS X202e (ASUS S200e) is an excellent value despite its flaws. Here's some tweaks to share. Some require hacker-level experience. I use the X202e mainly for web surfing. Your tweaks may vary with use case.1. Replace the hard drive with an SSD for much faster speed. The processor is quite fast for web surfing but you'll really appreciate the added speed of an SSD. I only need a 60GB+ SSD for my usage. Be sure the SSD is a 7mm height drive such as a Samsung 840.2. I hate bloatware. I reinstalled Windows 8 from a generic 64-bit Windows 8 DVD. No activation key was needed. The only driver I needed beyond what Windows 8 installed was the audio drivers for the microphone. I downloaded from ASUS support web page. I installed using a generic USB DVD drive.3. The default screen settings make the display a bit washed out looking. To fix, right click on the desktop->Graphics Properties->Display->Color Enhancements. Change Brightness to -20, Contrast to 51 and Gamma to 0.9.4. I use Ninite.com to quickly install many often used programs.5. I swear the touchpad has been improved by an initial cleaning. I used window cleaner.6. I haven't found a better touchpad driver than the stock Windows 8 driver. I'm open to alternate drivers. Please make recommendations in comments but please, document any non-standard settings.7. I reset the BIOS to defaults and then chose "Optimal Settings". Don't assume the manufacturer installed with optimal settings selected.8. I love Windows 8 but only when with the Windows 7 shell, so I installed EX7FORW8 software. Recommended. Touch continues to work.With these tweaks, you'll get a much better X202E experience. I'm hoping a new driver will improve the too touchy touchpad. Yes, the screen could be a bit better but it's acceptable. Battery life is ample with my usage. I get about 4 hours web surfing -- more than expected and more than needed for my usage.

Maybe we should call it a "LapBook".  My 17" laptop runs an i7 first generation processor but I have to say, the i3 third gen. is a pretty fast unit.  I run everything on the 11" ASUS, except Photoshop CS5...for obvious reasons, that I run on the i7, 17 inch laptop.  A partial list, Office 2010, QuickBooks Pro, Sky 6, a Professional Astronomy program, Acronis, McAfee, Skype and others.Both Laptops are networked together, (wireless), so I share data between the two and this allows me to work on anything by sharing files.  I could use "the cloud" but this is OK as I just update both PC's when I save a new or updated file.A "touch pen" works very well on this screen.  This eliminates the fingerprint smudges and when typing, I use the pen or keyboard as I have big fingers.  I wish the lettering on the keyboard was brighter.  When typing in my recliner, I angle the unit in my lap in a 90 degree "V" and this gives a great view of the screen but the keys aren't as visible and I need to tip it back down to type. (not really a complaint)  I suppose I could use two pens and type on-screen.In January I updated from W7 to Windows 8 Pro + Media Center on my 17" and Windows 8 (NOT RT) came on the ASUS.  When I switch between the two, I find I'm always reaching for the BIG screen to do "stuff".  W8 took getting used to but it is designed for a touch screen and it really shines on the ASUS.  There's not a significant difference between the two as far as performance, (what's a few seconds) but I enjoy the ASUS for the touch screen.  Using the BIG mouse on the 17" is becoming a pain.  Tapping with the pen is a snap!  If I didn't need the larger screen to render images with PS-CS5, I'd probably just use the ASUS!  I'm sure it will run PS but the screen is just too small for image processing. (This wasn't the plan) I could connect this to a monitor but...maybe when the 17" dies.The DVD-RW "outrigger" is a great inclusion with the ASUS.  This allows for a smaller Unit and it isn't used except for running my Acronis backups.  I have a 500GB USB3 external HDD I save the backups to.  I boot with the DVD-RW and save on the USB 3 HDD.  You will need to change the BIOS to boot from the DVD-RW. (very easy)  There are two USB-2 and one USB-3 port.  Almost forgot the SD Card slot.  No slots or jacks in the front or back, everything is accessible on the sides.I would like to add a 128 GB SSD to this unit and be able to change batteries BUT to open the box voids the warrantee.  I'll wait a year and see how it holds out before I jump in. This is a great unit as it performs well for all I need it to do and battery life has been OK, even when giving presentations with Power Point.  I haven't used it with Sky 6 and the telescope but will wait for better (warmer) weather to play outdoors.The ASUS is about a month old now but it "feels" like an old friend.  Much easier to transport for presentations and it comes with full size connectors for video and HDMI so you don't need the "micro" connectors on this unit.  I was in the market for an iPad but I'm glad I found this.  Most of the Apps are shut down to improve boot time and I only use two or three of them, when I have the time.  I recommend this "little" unit to anyone looking for a good touch screen for productivity and fun!

I purchased this primarily to become familiar with Windows 8.  The price was right, and the PC included a touchscreen, a 500 GB HDD (slow at 5400 RPM) and a 3rd generation Intel Core i3 processor. Includes an external DVD drive/burner. Relatively light weight, average battery life, would have preferred with an SSD drive.I had some initial issues where the touch screen froze (although the mouse cursor would work), but flashing the BIOS to version 205 seems to have solved that issue.Well built!  Fairly speedy, good quality screen, responsive touch.  Excellent mouse pad (just as good as in their Ultrabook series).  Only issues I have is that you cannot remove/replace the battery without opening up the back.  Same with regard to the HDD.I would have preferred a Core i5, but that is available in the 14 inch model (which is larger, heavier, has a built in DVD drive) and I wanted the 11.6 inch screen.A real PC, a great alternative to a tablet, and much more cost effective than a Macbook Air, though heavier.I'm also impressed with Windows 8.

I got this laptop from Costco about 9 months ago.  I needed something small/lightweight because I travel a lot, and this thing has been great!  Obviously it's Windows 8, which I upgraded to 8.1 with no issues.  You can read other reviews for the OS, I'm just talking about the hardware.  I've had no problems with any part of the laptop.  It boots up fast every time (my biggest like!), I use MS Word, Excel, and Powerpoint extensively with no issues, and all the other programs I've used/downloaded have worked great.  I've even used it for video rendering (converting DVDs to .avi format for easier storage) and it was almost twice as fast as my 3 year-old desktop computer.  When I'm not working on it, I use it a lot for watching movies from both the hard drive and via streaming (Netflix mostly) and the picture/audio is wonderful.  Occasionally I wish it had built in bluetooth, but if I really want that I can get a USB dongle for cheap somewhere.  I'm not a big gamer, so I couldn't tell you how it works in that regard, but for a simple laptop I can use on a daily basis I've been extremely happy and have no regrets buying it.

It's everything I wanted in a notebook computer: fast, lots of memory, light and easy to carry... It's better than the HP laptop I had (which, for some reason, always ran hot). There's a small learning curve with this one, but really, for the price, you can't go wrong.

Small, compact and works very well. I bought a spare charger elsewhere previously and it must have been poorly filtered since I had a jittery touch-pad. I did not have any similar problems with this & it is much cheaper than the official Asus charger.

This computer met all my expectations and exceeded some.  Being used to a quad core PC I was concerned that a dual-core laptop with on-board video would be sluggishly disappointing.  That is not the case with the Asus S200E.  It runs all my Windows programs seamlessly and smoothly.  Please note, I am not a gamer and don't edit video or large music files.  I use my laptop primarily for net surfing, email, word processing, and spreadsheets.  I Skype on it while traveling.  It replaced a 15" laptop and it is now my sole travel companion.  Great machine, with great features at a great price.

I also bought this laptop at Staples for $399 with a $100 coupon.  Win8 has great potential but is still rough around the edges with Microsoft making some changes for change's sake.  Sometimes, conventional desktop is buggy about touchscreen and confusing w/r/t HP printer driver for print options using WiFi networked CM1322nfi printer.

I ordered this power supply to leave with my travel items as I have twice left on a trip without my power supply (would you believe in Peru they wanted to charge me $250 for a power supply at Radio Shack?). So I hadn't used it when I got an email from the seller saying there might be a problem with it fitting properly. It tried it and sure enough it was not working. I sent an email confirming the problem and within a few days had the proper pin to fix the problem. So happy that I didn't discover there was a problem when I was away from home.Update - I am extremely pleased with the customer service here. The item broke - they sent me a link to print out a label to return it free of cost and the very next day I receieved the replacement. I am not even sure how it was possible for them to receive my old power supply and get the new one to me so fast.

I had been looking for a travel power cord for my Asus laptop but it has a tiny connection so I was having no luck.  I went to Hawaii on business and left my regular one at home. I contacted an Amazon seller and ordered one and got it the next day. The power cord is great and got me back to business again! Now I have my travel cord packed and won't be powerless again!

small brick and decent length cable, wish it was a 2 prong plug in rather than a 3 prong plug in though.

Purchased as a take-a-long computer for work or play.  It is pretty reliable and very portable.  Dont expect to play video games on it, but great for watching streaming movies, and facebook type stuff.

The power supply instantly brought me back to functionality with my Asus touchscreen.  I left the original power supply on an Airplane and was very pleased to find this well priced replacement.

For the price, the build quality is great, has decent battery life, windows 8 is kind of a bummer though.

This Charger is very good and it does the job perfectly. Its nice and compact and charges quickly as an OEM charger would do. I also was very pleased with how fast the item shipped out.

This is a fast, compact, light, excellent computer. Unfortunately, the Windows 8 OS is not great, but that's not the computer's fault.

Excellent performance of the notebook...waiting for the next upgrade of windows 8 to have the start button. All in all functionality exceed my expectation.

I AM HAPPY WHIT THIS ITEM. IT IS GREAT. I LOVE IT. I RECOMEND IT. IT IS WHAT I WANTED.

This is a great computer for the price.  Windows 8 AND touch screen included.  I couldn't fine any touch screens at this price.

This is a great little laptop for the price:-Phenomenal build quality. The case is aluminum, apart from the bottom which is matte-black plastic.-The keyboard is very Mac-like, which is a good thing.-The trackpad is large, although you may not like the default driver.-The speakers are very good for a laptop of this size.-The power adapter is long and doesn't have a brick in the middle.-Great boot and resume time.That being said, it was made with some sacrifices:-Battery life is not great, expect about 3 1/2 hours.-Screen is glossy and on the dim side. This is not an issue indoors.-RAM cannot be upgraded.-It runs Windows 8. I had to spend a couple hours banishing Metro, installing Classic Shell to bring back the start menu, setting real, desktop software to open documents, and telling Windows not to phone home with my personal info.

I really didn't know that operating a laptop would be so fun & easy.  Not to mention convenient; I can take it with me becauseit also runs off of a battery.  Its powerful; fast and really professional looking.  Great buy.Mark

Thank you so much for the great service, everything worked as expected, it was exactly what i was looking for...

Bought this as a birthday gift for my mother-in-law when her old laptop hard drive crashed. She loves it and says it is in great shape for a refurbished computer. She says everything works perfectly and that the speed is much faster than her old computer. Thanks so much - VERY HAPPY!

These guys went above and beyond on this purchase.  I had problems with the D810 (may have been operator error I don't know) but they sent a new one right away.  I needed help getting it set up and one of the guys helped me on a Saturday and had to go into the office to get me up and running!!  I couldn't believe it.  Their communication has been excellent and they are very concerned about having happy customers.  I love my laptop!!  It is refurbished and runs perfectly.  Wish I could give them more than 5 stars I am that happy with this transaction!!

Bought that for my grandson too. And it has been working good without any problems, for a used computer it is doing him well

I am a techno idiot, so if you want a review that goes in detail about gigs, jigs and migs, then this isn't it. If you want to know if this computer can get you online while on the road, listen to music, watch movies and just plain rock your world, then I am your man. I pulled this thing out of the box about 2 weeks ago and fired it up. I bought a router so I could use it anywhere at home. I have had no issues with it and the fact is it is much faster then my HP desktop. All preinstalled software works perfectly and the picture quality while watching video is perfect. The first night I had it I watched my DVD of Cool Hand Luke on it and was just amazed at the quality. Bottom line? I love it!

I took a good look at this laptop when I was shopping around for a new computer for my mother-in-law, and while I ended up purchasing the HP DV6 there was a lot to like about the G60 line.  The HP G60 (and G70) are aimed at the home user looking for a desktop size screen but otherwise want traditional notebook specs (good battery life, lighter weight, etc...).  While not a true "desk-note" (it uses mobile cpus, most desk-notes use desktop class cpus) it will fill the "desk top" role for most users.  The build quality is pretty good.  Far above the basic "Compaq" line but not quite as nice as the DV line from HP.What it is good at: Web browsing, light gaming (does well with anything other than 3D games), office apps (word, excel, power point, etc...) and basic media tasks (playing and creating MP3s, watching movies, editing short home movies).What it is not good at: 3D gaming, editing large video files, or any heavy computational tasks.Here is a quick break down of the specs:Display: This 16" screen is a good bright display that works best indoors, but can be used outdoors except in direct sunlight.  A good display is an HP trademark and this one lives up to that standard.CPU: The Intel Pentium T4300 is a good dual core CPU for light home use.  It is the newest version of the Pentium line and is based off the most advanced of the "Core2" processors.  (Pentiums are just "Core" or "Core2" CPUS with less cache and slower clock speeds.)  I'm a big fan of this CPU for people who mostly want to web browse - it's got two cores so you can surf while the anti-virus does it's job so why pay more for a CPU you won't use?  If you plan on doing any serious gaming this is not the CPU for you (though it's a lot better than older Pentiums based off the old "Core" cpus).Memory: 3GB is plenty for light home use.  Again - plenty for web surfing and playing movies.  Not enough for serious gaming.Graphics: Comes with Intel's new 4500 integrated graphics.  While this is a great improvement over previous Intel graphics parts it's still not going to run high-end 3D games at any decent resolution.  Old games and non-3D games will be fine.HDD: 320GB is far more than most light home users will use.  I know few using more than 60GB.  However anyone who plans on editing home movies will need more space than this (and more memory, and a faster cpu...).Battery: 6 cell lithium ION.  Pretty standard.  Gives you about 2-3 hours of light use.  If you order it custom from HP you can get an 8 cell.  However if you are looking for good battery life you really don't want the G60 line.  Look for something with a 14" display and at least an 8 cell battery.Wireless: Most notebooks from high to low end are using the same few wireless chipsets.  This one is covers a wide wireless spectrum including the newest "Wireless N".Weight: 6.7lbs is a good weight for a screen this large.  You will find them up to 8lbs.  Again if you are looking for serious mobility you want a thin-and-light, but if you want something you can easily carry from room to room this should suit you.

I received this notebook a couple days ago, and I'm currently in the process of cleaning all the "bloatware" off of it (though pretty much any computer maker is going to install this on systems they sell, this is really my main problem with HP products).  It should run Vista fine after that (though I may end up "downgrading" to XP -- I plan on doing IT work with this notebook and need specific software tools that I know run on XP -- the 10-key is definitely a plus for entering IP addresses quickly for IT work).  This notebook gets a 3.5 performance rating in Vista (the weakest component is the integrated video, but that is to be expected).  One thing you don't really see in the pictures on Amazon is that the top of the shell is very shiny black, and will easily show fingerprints, and will quite likely be susceptible to scratches, so make sure you get a good case if you want to maintain its appearance.  At the current pricing, this thing is a steal (especially when you factor in the free upgrade to Windows 7, coming out this fall).Update 10/17/09:  I just installed Windows 7 Ultimate (I wanted the Bitlocker drive encryption feature, so I will not be using the free upgrade of Windows 7 Home Premium HP will be sending me) last night without a hitch -- I did not need to download any drivers from HP and the notebook successfully connected to the Internet after only having to enter the wireless network key.  The notebook is much snappier with Windows 7 than with Vista.  Still, an excellent value, even though the OS I just loaded onto it cost almost half as much as the notebook originally did.

I agree with the comments about HP support. They are overseas, know little about the product, and are idiots.I repartitioned the drive (after shrinking the Windows partition with instructions from ubuntuguide dot org) and installed Kubuntu 9.04 Linux within 1 hour. Everything worked right away -- from webcam, to wireless, to video, to VMWare. This is one of the best laptops for Linux. I consider myself proficient at computers, so I also installed a few other OSs (on multiple partitions). No problems. I love this laptop. It is fast, and the widescreen great for movies. After 2 months I have discovered no problems (other than that Windows Vista sucks, but we all knew that, and the need to remove all the junkware that HP pre-installs.) But don't use the recovery disk(s) -- it wipes the entire hard drive clean and wipes out all your data. I learned this the hard way. HP sucks at software (and support), even though the hardware is great.

I'm not sure where all these bad reviews are coming from, I've had nothing but great experiences with this laptop. It's now over 3 years old and still running perfectly. I'm a college student, so I'm running this thing for an average of 5 hours a day every day, and it's held up great.  The battery failed around the 20 month mark, but it was still under warranty so I had it replaced for free. Admittedly, it can get a bit hot, but as long as you're putting it on a flat surface you'll never had a problem. I know this review probably won't persuade anyone to but a used model of this product, but I had to stand up for my laptop. HP for life.

This laptop is awsome.  It is fast, a little big it doesn't matter.  I am a video editor and it is fine for me.I recomend it 100 %

This laptop may not be five stars compared to more expensive systems but for the price mine has proved to be very capable. I bought it when I went back to school fall of 2009. I am in the networking and systems administration program and have made honor roll all 4 terms. I do a lot with my computers and this laptop has worked flawlessly. One thing I should mention, I formatted the hard drive and installed Windows 7 Ultimate so my experience may be different than someone who uses Vista.PROS: Everything just works like it should all the time. It has proved so reliable that my desktop is now a Linux server and I use my laptop for everything.CONS: The battery life sucks. Brand new the battery would last about 2.5 hours. After 1 year it lasts about 45 min - 1 hour and I'm getting a warning that the battery needs replaced (to be fair this thing runs 24/7 and I'm going to guess that it wasn't designed to). HP customer service, I think that it's better than DELL's but that's not saying much. If you want good customer service I've heard Toshiba is good.THE BOTTOM LINE: For the price (I paid about $430 for mine) this is a very capable laptop. If you can, upgrade it to Windows 7. Keep your expectations reasonable and you will be very happy so long as you keep it virus/malware/adware/spyware free.

I'm satisfied with the product I shop, its a good machine and I havent a problem yet

I haven't had this machine for more than a couple of weeks, but so far I am pretty satisfied. It is a powerful, light computer. I take it to classes and I don't need to carry the AC adapter because the battery lasts well over 6 hours while in power saving mode. The keyboard is responsive and backlit with several brightness settings. The machine itself feels nice and solid, very professional looking. With 1TB HDD, 8GB RAM and quad i7 processor, it seems that it would have a long life for office and normal college use.Something that I didn't see in the tech specs is the fact that it also has nvidia GT 630m 512MB GDDR5. Which means that it is not a gaming laptop, but it has decent gaming capabilities. Dead Space 2 runs at 30fps (max rate possible with vsync on) with everything, res set at 1366x768, AA without needing peak performance from gpu. A more graphically intense game like Just Cause 2, runs at 30 fps with settings set at mid-high (low for shadows though...) and no AA, but it uses all of the gpu's "strength" (see 70 degrees Celsius against Dead Space 2 gpu temp at 60).Overall it is a solid, versatile machine. For those that are looking for a good laptop for college, this is it. As light as a Mac but way less expensive while still being a high quality piece of equipment.Pros: Lightweight, fast processor, high storage capacity, decent gpu.Cons: Comes with a lot of bloatware, wish Samsung opted for gt 650m, just saying.Other: Try looking for it at a Best Buy, got mine there at 999.99 with Webroot Antivirus for free.

I've owned this laptop for at least 6 months now... I think it might even be closer to a year.Pros:It's fast, real fast.Lighted keyboard is handyIt's like having a macbook pro at 1/4 the price... especially now since the price has dropped.  I still feel like this laptop is worth more than they're currently selling for.I went ahead and bought a 256gb samsung SSD and a CD slide drive converter for the cd bay and installed that SSD with the 1TB drive where the CD drive used to be (I don't really need a CD/DVD drive).  and let me tell ya, this laptop is super fast.  It boots right into windows now in around 10 sec.  Installing the SSD wasn't too hard either, if your tech savy enough you'll be fine and there was a decent youtube video on it.Cons:The trackpad is the most annoying thing about this latop... I appreciate the multifinger gesture support but it's huge and often resting my hands to type I end up hitting the thing.  I just use a wireless mouse anyway and you can disable it with a fn button command in like 2 seconds so no big deal.The microphone was placed in the worst spot imaginable... It must be next to the cooling fan so when that thing kicks on your friends will hate you.  Also, if you rest your left arm for using the keyboard it covers it up!  I mean.. really?  Way to think that one though samsung.Anyway, I'd much rather take those two cons over spending 1000$ bucks to get a MBP.  My buddy has a mac with similar stats he spent much more money on and our two computers perform nearly the same in game, photoshop, etc.I'd buy it again no problem.  The SSD really helps make this thing even more beastly, I recommend getting one put in if your going to buy.

I did NOT want to get another HP or Toshiba.  Both have lasted less than 2 years and there wasn't anything particularly good about them.  This laptop with its Intel  Core i7 processor is a speed demon.  I was reluctant to get a refurbished machine but I love the light-up key board.  My Mom was so impressed with it she is going to get one.  Do think twice before you get a system with Windows 8; I bought one through Staples and at the 3 1/2 week mark I gave up.  The learning curve was too much and after 25 years of being computer literate all of a sudden I felt like I had sat down to a computer for the first time.  I did not have the time to go back and take classes... so I opted to get a Windows 7 refurbished and I couldn't be happier.  Do yourself a favor and go through this vendor you won't be sorry.  They made reference to some imperfections which made me a bit hesitant but I didn't even notice them when the system arrived.  I just couldn't be more happy with this system.

I purchased this unit new (C700) around 4 years ago for about $350 on clearance.  Still running fine.  I do have to do normal "PC maintenance" on the laptop, but it's great for surfing the web, running office, email, pictures, etc.  This is not a gaming PC by any means, but for typical use, it's just fine.  Like any laptop, battery does not typically last too long.  Overall, 5 stars for the price.

Incredible! I have owned several quality laptops and after heavy debate I decided to see what this Toshiba could do. I am pleased beyond compare.... twice, no, three times the machine I expected. great design, keyboard, mouse, features etc etc. I had a machine that I paid twice the price for and I lived with the glitches, poor design and battery life for 3 years before purchasing this laptop. Fortunately, my older machine was dropped breaking the display and now I get to enjoy this new laptop. If looking for a quality computer at a very affordable price you will not be disappointed.

it works great. windows 8 takes some getting used to but it works good. it doesn't have backlit keys so if you compute in the dark you need a light. its a beast of a computer in the price range its in.

love this laptop it is a great computer to use in my college classes and a great price for a college budget.

I purchased the Toshiba brand after having an HP for several years.  This laptop has a terrific connection to the internet.  Windows 8 takes some time getting used to it but it's not as difficult as some people say.  The computer is very lightweight and portable.  The speakers could be better but, all in all, it's a pretty good computer for the money.

There was an issue with delivery (they sent the wrong one and intercepted it just before delivery, then shipped out the correct one).  This caused a 5 day delay, but it wasn't a big deal.The computer itself, its great.  Lightweight, took less than 5 mins to register and get up and running.  Windows 8 is a pain in the butt to get used to, but I will adjust.  It's quick and has a good battery life.  It was a great bargain for the price!

Great pc, based in the price I would say this is a good choice since it comes with the basic requirements for people that doesn't need high processor tasks or applications.

The hardware specs of this laptop is unmatched for its price. Granted, I bought a refurbished one yet it looks and runs as if brand new. In original packaging with plastic protector. Yea there are little annoyances. I owned the 14 inch version of this laptop and had the same problems. Mainly the track-pad. The keyboard issue that others describe as the keys not registering when pressed i haven't had with either models so far. Or if i had, they've been so minimal that I didn't notice.Ultimately, the track-pad isn't so terrible that it's unbearable. The rest of the laptop definitely compensates for the poor track-pad.This laptop is BEAUTIFUL as well. The crystal clear screen is amazing and the aluminum uni-body design is flawless.Keyboard doesn't light up but that sounds like a first world problem to me but hey, to each his own I suppose.The highlight of my purchase though was the extremely fast shipping. (ordered Saturday night / here Tuesday around noon) I think it probably because the seller was only the next state over but regardless, thank you!

This laptop is a perfect MacBook Pro alternative.  I bought 16GB of RAM and replaced my HDD with another SSD.  Works amazingly fast and is sleek and thin with great battery life.  Way better specs than the MacBook Pro --- and HALF the price.  The Gorilla Glass and 400-nit 1080p screen gives the Retina Display a run for it's money --- extremely bright and super sharp.  Dell has had some mistakes --- but this is NOT one of them.  Excellent laptop, excellent price.

well first of all this PC is the best thing ive used my whole life. the i7 processor 7,200 rpm 750 gb hard drive and solid state memory make it lightning fast! But all good things will always have a few flaws, My only concern is the touch pad... its a little TOO sensitive but works well. the screen looks crisp as hell... the backlight keys are a nice touch and come in handy in low lighting. I received my package in the time and with no fuss. If you are consideringpurchasing this pc, DO IT!

So I just had to write this review - feel like I owe it to Dell for putting together such an awesome laptop.  This is going to be a short one but hopefully useful to somebody: - Laptop's wireless works fine.  (ref other review) - It is SOLID. Awesome build quality - Screen -- was my #1 consideration.  it is unbelieveably sharp! with wide view angles and extreme color definition.  I LOVE IT - Discrete graphics performance -- Really good -- surprisingly good actually for a laptop.  I can play SWTOR on almost the highest settings.  Looks really good. Plays smooth.  Doesn't overheatOnly other thing I'll say is definitely do get it with windows 8.  Yes no touch screen.  But what's cool is the latest models touchpad is designed for win8 so you can flick in from the sides to pull up charms menus etc --right on the touch pad -- which is also pretty awesome itself.Can you tell I like my laptop?  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!

Okay, I fix computers for a living. This is a great deal, on a great laptop, by a trusted Manufacturer. I picked up one of these for my Mother in law, got my wife a different model and of course my wife likes her Mom's better!Giving a one star rating to this laptop because you don't like Windows 8 is beyond ridiculous. It's like saying I don't like this car because of the paint. Who cares? Slap a different operating system on it. The hardware is solid. Rock solid.I exclusively sell Lenovo. I'll fix anything, but for my money, I'm gonna pickup a couple more of these.

Make no mistake, Lenovo produces a solid fully featured highly-ranked laptop for... peanuts.The G500, with an Intel Core i3-Ivy Bridge dual-core 2.5 GHz processor, 500GB HD, 2 - 3.0 USB ports, 4 GB of DDR3 RAM, with Win 8 as native OS, and more, the G500 matches anything in the 2013 game up to twice the cost. I did kick my RAM up to 8GB since I use Adobe Photoshop CS6.This G500 will get 'r done! You can pay a bit more for the i5 processor model but you will not gain much/enough.I have had computers since 1990 and Windows from 3.1 (with a few Big Mac's along the way) and I am here to promise that if you give Win 8 64-bit a chance, you WILL fall in love with it. I did. No manual. Look Ma, no hands. Just toured and learned. Quickly. I predict that if you liked Win 7 you will really take to 8. Really. And moving into Win 8 and setting my network, adding devices, etc., it was a SNAP! Even more effortless than in Win 7.Lenovo support is excellent, both online and through telephone contact.The only drawback, for some, might be the weight, generally slightly heavier compared to most lappers. This is due to overbuild and should NOT be considered a minus.The design is exceptional, contemporary, and stylish sort of... in a Chinese way. Lenovo has been around for many years (began with IBM) and you'd be surprised at how much Lenovo there is today in other brand computers.I could go on and on heaping praise on Lenovo and this G500 but I will bet that IF you do your research and compare, you'll grab this or another Lenovo model pronto.Now go do your homework.And to the nitpickers, yes, this is a late 2012 model.Not to worry.UPDATE 11.11.2013Still liking this lapper VERY MUCH. And slowly getting used to the Win 8 first big service pack I (or 8.1)installed a few weeks ago. Norton AV 360 had a brief conflict but they provided a patch that cured a short-lived evil; no other problems so far and none anticipated. Everyone I talk to about Lenovo and their product line, from rank beginner to experienced expert, agrees that Lenovo's recent number two ranking in the cluttered world of laptops IS well deserved.A shout out to all you past, present, and future vets; THANKS for your service.UPDATE  11.30.2013This economy laptop continues to please, amaze, and run fast and smooth just like the big expensive guys.Win 8.1 still a winner in my experience.I pinch myself when I look back in disbelief and realize I have no more than 300 dollars invested. Like the old Timex, my G500 keeps on ticking and also like the Timex, if it fails, I can toss it.Happy Holidays.

Pros:  good overall package in affordable price, solid sturdy machine, windows 8 easy to use, fast processor, handy keyboard, good battery life, excellent surround sound system, good screen resolution.....many more!!!Cons: so far none!After extensive searching for a good affordable laptop, I bought this laptop from amazon. They delivered it within a day time as I requested. I was very anxious about using Windows 8 because I read soooo many bad reviews about it.......like they almost convinced me that it would be a big flop.....BUT WAIT!!! I have found Windows 8 very interesting and more attractive to work on. It took me only 15 minutes to learn how to use it.........I mean it's easy to use, just with new ideas. And I took a gamble choosing this laptop without a touch screen......but now that I am working on it, I don't think I need a touch screen laptop to use Windows 8. Also, this laptop has awesome speakers and you would enjoy them!!! Then this key board is soft enough to make you feel as if you are playing on scrabble game. The hardware also looks sturdy and reliable. There is a new recovery button present here. The battery is long lasting and would work easily for about 4 hours or so. I think it is a good option for someone who is looking for a good package in affordable price. This machine is still new to me and I hope it would keep me happy in coming days!

I bought this computer about two months ago, I love Lenovo. It Has everything on their computers already installed. This brand is better than any other Computer brand that we have bought  before. Better than Gateway, dell, and to shine. Lenovo is a must. Never will I buy another brand again. Besides Apple.

Bought this laptop for my wife as she does not like using my macbook...anyway, for the money, this is a nice laptop.  She needs it to do email, facebook and excel spreadsheets for the school PTO and this should be just fine for that.  I was a little apprehensive about going to a windows 8 machine, but the learning curve was not that bad and it actually has some pretty neat features!  I did have an issue with the wireless adapter connecting to my wireless network...it would connect to the network, but not to the internet.  I called Lenovo support line and they were VERY helpful.  The guy I talked to went out of his way to try to help me get this to work...I was very impressed with their service.  I can't comment on reliability, but we will see over time.

It's a prefect entry-level laptop, good for video Skype chat, etc.A couple caveat: (1) this configuration does not include a Bluetooth chip (you can buy a cheap USB adapter for a couple dollars elsewhere); I thought that was a bit odd, but not too serious; (2) mind which wireless driver you are using---if you are using wrong combination of Windows OS (8.0 vs. 8.1) and Lenovo-provided wireless drivers, the wireless will not work well with some WAPs (but there *is* a right combination; you can Google for "G500 wireless issues" for solution).My favorite thing about this laptop was how much I could disassemble it---one day I spilled a cup of milk on the keyboard by mistake; I think the laptop shut itself down (and I unplugged the power and battery as soon as I realized what I had done). Following the service manual from Lenovo, I could disassemble *everything* in this laptop, right down to the motherboard---after cleaning up the motherboard and other parts with rubbing alcohol (if you ever spill liquid on your laptop, this is absolute necessity; even if you don't see too much liquid leaking out, due to capillary action between circuit board and plastic film on it, you can be sure that enough liquid will have gotten to your motherboard), I put it back together, and the laptop still works as if nothing happened to it. I don't think I could've done the same with any other laptops (including a whitebook from MSI) that I owned previously.

Very nice replacement for my Asus u56e which developed a problem with random shutdowns after 19 months or so.  This is a well known motherboard problem for this model of Asus and wasn't worth fixing--which would require a motherboard replacement  Lenovo has scored pretty well lately in reliability so I thought I would try one.The Lenovo G500 is about the same as my Asus u5e in it's size and heft.  It's a little big to carry around but just fine for using around the house, occasionally moving it from table to couch, etc.  Keyboard is good for typing.  Nice large screen.  The biggest downside for me was that it came with Windows8.  Since I didn't have any interest in investing time in learning a new interface, I downloaded a copy of Classic Shell (use your search engine to find it), which does a great job of making Win8 look like Win7.  It's well worth a $5 donation.  Problem solved.Oh, by the way, don't throw out the battery with the packing.  It's packed separately and I wondered why I was getting the message that the battery could not be discovered.  It was only when I called Lenovo support (excellent support by the way, that I found out that the computer doesn't come with battery installed.  I found it in the packing and put it in and all was well.Bottom line, very good value

***UPDATE 12/24/2013:I have fixed the problem with the mouse! I can't believe I did it myself. Here is the path I took to fix the "flyaway" mouse:Go to CONTROL PANEL----EASE OF ACCESS----EASE OF ACCESS CENTER----MAKE THE MOUSE EASIER TO USE----MOUSE PROPERTIES----ELAN.  Within the ELAN tab there are different options. I turned off the "tap" option for the mouse. It fixed everything. My mouse cursor stays put like it should now. I have changed my rating of this computer to 5 stars now that I can use it again. I really do like this computer, and because of needing to go explore how to fix the mouse cursor problem, I've even learned my way around Win8, and it's not that bad. Give it a try.I'm going keep updating this review as I use my computer for a longer period of time. This is my initial review. First, this machine seems super-fast to me. I've never had an i3 processor before, so I notice a huge improvement in processing speed. If you've had only Pentium or lower grade processors, you will love this system. In fact, don't buy anything lower than an i3, because life and technology and the internet move fast, and I think this system will hold it's own for a while. I love the keys for typing. They are some sort of special touch keys. They look the same to me, but I really do like the tension and bounce-back of these keys. It boots much faster than my old Pentium, and shut down is even faster. So all of that is good.Here is what I don't like: The mouse, the mouse, the mouse!! It has taken me about 3 times longer than necessary to type this out because this mouse seems to have a mind and a will of its own. It seems to randomly "click" on things all by itself. I am making sure my hands are NOT touching the mouse area when typing (which is rather difficult to do), and it still happens! Grrrr!! In spite of all that I love about this computer, I am actually considering returning it because of this stupid mouse! I have looked all over on the internet to see if there is something I can do to fix this, but so far no luck. If any of you have any ideas, please let me know.A note about windows 8:  If you have been using Win95, 98, 2000, XP, Vista or even 7 be prepared to have your world turned upside down. This new system is.....completely different. As in completely different. There is definitely a learning curve. I've watched some YouTube videos about Windows8, and am beginning to get the hang of it. My first thought was that there was no way I could learn this system, but I was wrong. It is possible to teach this old dog some new tricks. Does that mean I love Win8 yet? Um....no. But I will in time. I am not considering Win8 as part of this computer, because it's an operating system. That has nothing to do with the quality or lack thereof of a computer.Final note, I am definitely going to contact Amazon about returning this computer due to the crazy mouse problems. It has taken me 35 minutes to type this review because I have to keep stopping and moving my curser back to where it belongs, as well as delete the misplaced typing I did before I realized the mouse had moved. Unless Lenovo fixes this problem, I cannot in good conscience recommend this computer to anyone. I had originally given it a 3 star rating and I will now be downgrading it to one star. Yes, I could buy a wireless mouse to "fix" it. But I bought a laptop so I could have everything in one place. Good luck to you if y***UPDATE***If it looks like my review got cut off, that's because the mouse problem acted up and apparently landed on the "enter" button and my review got submitted prematurely. I think it made my point for me. LOL

its worth buying its working well and its a good size and very comfortable it does not weight to much, i would prefer buying it!

I am very pleased with the Lenovo G500. In buying this computer, I find /the feature encouraging and I am glad in making the decision to purchase. Window *.!**&

recommended is a good product, it supports 16 gb ram gb em every slot 8 and windows 8 home edition

I bought this for my 13 year old son for Christmas and he LOVES it! Does everything that he needs it to.

It is small but great all the way through.  Has a very efficient keyboard and it serves my purpose very well.  Not overwhelming in size but love it because it is compact and easy to use.

It is a great product and I wanted to open it on Christmas day, and the package was  scheduled to arrive the day before X-mas , on the 24th. I was very much disappointed that no delivery was made on that day, and the Laptop came after Christmas day. When it finally came, I was thrilled to open it and power it up. What a wonderful machine it is , compared to all the other Toshibas and HP laptops , I had previously. For one thing, the keyboard in Lenovo G500  seems to be uniquely desgined, with a unique feel or easy touch. Yes, it definitely has met mt expectations in an IBM product. The LP will definitely be a more versatile IBM in the Lenovo line

I've been using this laptop for online schooling and love it.  Nice screen and upgradeable to 16 GB ram.  The intel core i3 is fast and windows 8 isnt so bad once you've figured it out.  recommended buy

It works perfectly, I love the new design. Just have to learn how to use it. It is very functional

We've only had this a few weeks, but thusfar this computer runs well. It has a great processor speed and tons of memory. It does what we need it to do quickly, what else can you say?

It is excellent for the daily use. it meets my expectation. I want to recommend this product to all friends.

Lenovo laptop G500 has excellent performance! 100% recommend for those user that are looking a fast and good quality computer.

This computer makes great use of all $400.  I am not disappointment at all.  I chose Lenovo, because we use them at the company I work for.  Although the G500 is the lower end of their laptop line up, it holds up the Lenovo standard well.  I love it!

I was looking for a Windows laptop and saw this at a bargain price so I bought it.  I was initially apprehensive about buying Windows 8 but so far, no problem.  I customized the screen settings because I wasn't crazy about the setup right out of the box.  The execution speed is very fast.  I also like the graphics; very crisp.I don't like the "Metro" applications running and I would love to uninstall them.  I haven't figured out how to yet.I have a trial version of McAfee antivirus software running.  It is using 50% of the memory according to the Task Manager.  I'd like to find an alternative antivirus program that isn't such a hog.  But I haven't noticed any slow down with this laptop.I also would like to be able to backup the computer so I can re-install the operating system should I run into a problem.  Sony Vaio laptops offer a "recovery" option and I hope this laptop does also.One feature I like is the Microsoft store.  I wanted to run "putty" and "remote desktop".  I was able to find them and download them right from the Microsoft store.  Both of these can be found for free.  But I opted to buy the version of "putty" sold from the store (only 1.99) and I like it.  Rdp is free from the store.

This is the fourth Lenovo laptop we bought in our family. The other three are still working fine after several years. Can't be happier with it.  It is light weight. Heat dissipation is to the side which makes the computer not hot at all while operating.  I am using Dell at work and know what to expect. This one I bought for my kid is way better. The only thing I don't like is Windows 8 but can't blame that on Lenovo.

This tablet has met all my expectations, it is fast and I am able to perform the functions I enjoy.  The shipping wAs on time and was delivered several days before Christmas.

I have a 2008CTO which replaced a T41 that I owned previous. The T60 is a much more superior computer in build quality, function, style and progression. I was worried at first but Lenovo has carried the Thinkpad torch superbly into the production of the T60 model.PROS:-Build quality is second to none.-Integrates MS Office Applications easily into hardware.-Super long battery life and high performance options.-Great tactile keyboard and you can buy a keyboard in various languages and type fonts.-All the parts are easily user removable, user replaceable, and user serviceable!-Great customer support at Lenovo!-Unique features like waterproof keyboard, airbag, roll cage, fingerprint security, Thinkpad manager, etc...-SXGA and UXGA resolution screens!-Quiet dust proof fan.CONS:- No SD or Memory Card slots but you can easily buy a PC adapter card.- Runs hot on surfaces like beds and cushions and fan is not super quiet when laptop is hot.- Video Memory options are scant on the T60 models. With 256MB being rare and 128MB being standard. This is not a gaming laptop.- Screen brightness is not as crisp and luminous as newer models. Not a con for me because it is easy on my eyes when typing long papers.- No video/web cam on this model.- Only 3 USB ports

IBM ThinkPads are all top quality. This is the last one you can grab before the Lenovo takeover. Works great with any flavor of Linux I've thrown at it.

Excellent product. Originally recommended to me by one of my fellow IT friends, I decided to check Amazon for the IBM ThinkPad T60. The price was right, I needed a laptop for email, office applications, and general sysadmin usage. The best part - these laptops are built like a TANK. Good luck breaking these on accident!Data Sales, Co. provided a great description of the laptop. All of the cosmetic wear was correctly described, leaving no surprises. The laptop was cleaned perfectly, packed perfectly, and even came with a copy of Windows XP (Although I just installed Arch Linux.) I ordered a separate battery for the laptop so I had that extra 4 hours of battery life. 8 hours of battery life for ~$150 is the deal of the century.My only issue is when you turn on, wake up, sleep, or take power in or out, the motherboard speaker makes a LOUD beep. This can be avoided by muting the motherboard speaker by pressing a button on the keyboard.The palm rests feel great, the screen looks great (although don't plan on taking this outside in broad daylight - unless you're in shade.) The hinge connecting the screen to the body of the laptop is very strong. You can hold the laptop by the screen and nothing will swing.This laptop can also be used for light gaming! I was shocked! I installed Counter-Strike 1.6 and Counter-Strike: Source on this laptop to find that both ran at upwards of 60fps and 20fps respectively when I tweaked with settings.All in all, this is a great buy. Do not hesitate, as Lenovo is starting to phase out the glory of the ThinkPad series by using cheaper parts (chiclet keyboards? REALLY?)

i was without a computer for over a year and I love this one.It is very durable and is a nice weight..not to heavy or not too light. Very sturdy.  Edge of bottom part is curved for ease of hands when typing.It is exactly as described in the add.

i ordered this laptop on monday and got it on friday!!!! (i am actually doing the review of this laptop on it) It may not be the latest technology but it is good enough for me so i am really enjoying this laptop, I would recommend getting 1 of these if you just need a good laptop that won't give you alot of trouble

Fantastic machine, excellent refurbished quality, this Lenovo Thinkpad allows me to do all I need to without any unnecessary extra's...highly recommended...

No better machine for the money.  Excellent quality and speed with internet access.  Does not have a webcam or SD card reader, but for the money it can't be beat.  This is my 2nd T60.  I was so happy with the first one which I use to travel for business I purchased one for my wife.

this is one of the best laptop ever built.  Even with this refurbished unit. This machine runs like a dream.  Screen is bright and i bought another battery for this laptop.I have IPAD, HP touchpad and Android touchpad.  I find myself using this laptop 99% of the time.

bought this at an insanely good price, product was definitely much much better than what I expected, I use it daily and it is workhorse, just a superb laptop

I've always wanted a ThinkPad, and I miss Windows XP. So when I saw an opportunity to get both for about $150, I went for it. I use this IBM as a secondary laptop and it does the job. If I need an office document, if I just need to search something online, or if I need it to run a Windows program (since my primary laptop is a MacBook), this ThinkPad is my go-to. I've had it for over a month, and had no problems. I love it. Makes a prefect backup laptop. Great for leisure (YouTube, Netflix, Pandora, Hulu, etc.) Good if you just need to get basic school work done.Pros: Wifi; Reliable OS; Plays DVDs, burns CDs.Cons: No bluetooth; Screen resolution isn't the best; Compatibility and support is limited.

This is a very sturdy and great quality lap top.  I had purchased a used one before and it worked great and handled a lot of abuse.  Was so happy to find another.

This is a great bargain.  It arrived before it was forecast to do so do.  It was packed very well.  There was a phone number to call if there were any problems.  This computer works out of the box using Linux Mint 13.  It is a joy to use and seems to be built like a little tank.  I ended up buying four of these for family members.  There is no downside when you use Data Sales.  I recommend this computer to anyone.

This computer by far does more than a machine 10x the price. If your tech savy and know a PC, or are a college student in a budget this is for you.

this was a good refurbished laptop.  I needed a winXP system for some embedded development work and this filled the bill.  Everything worked, battery and power adapter were of good quality and the system works like a charm.

I called Matt to be sure Windows 7 32-bit was installed, he returned my call promptly.  I explained I was away from home and my T60's display had failed.  I needed a subsitute/backup while the local computer shop waited for a replacement screen. To make matters worse I had a 4-day trip to Tucson to contend with before the screen would be in.Matt went out of his way to be sure I got the machine sooner than normal, 2 days sooner than I hoped giving me time customize and migrate data at the local computer repair shop with the machines side-by-side on a LAN w/high speed internet service. It was like being at home with a high speed internet connection and an external monitor vs a USB thumb drive in a hotel room or at McD.Great to work with someone that is so responsive!! I'll definately go back to AtlantaElectronics again.Larry (Austin, TX)

I love these computers because they are so durable and built so well. And the best part is that you can get them for so cheap now. I'm going to keep buying them because eventually they'll become extinct.

This ThinkPad has been the idea laptop for me and I have not had any problems with it.  The price was very Good.

The old thinkpads, including the early ones made by Lenovo, have to be among the best designed laptops ever made. Easy to replace an optical drive. Easy to replace a hard drive. Such a contrast with my old Apple G4 iBook, which I dearly love, which has a disk permanently stuck in a broken optical drive. The cost of replacing the optical drive on that machine would be more than the laptop is worth. The T60 keyboard is every bit as good as the g4 iBook keyboard. The light above the screen on the T60 to illuminate the keyboard is a very nice touch. The 4:3 aspect ratio screen is the best screen I've seen since my old Compaq Presario 1215US from 2001. One catch to warn about is the volume control on Windows 7 Pro. The Windows volume control gives you only the percentage of whatever volume is set by the volume buttons. I suggest setting the Windows volume control at 100% and then using only the thinkpad volume control buttons to set your volume. I was almost fooled by this glitch into thinking my T60 had defective speakers. It was a Microsoft problem! For Linux users, a Point Linux (Debian derivative with Mate Desktop) live DVD ran well on this machine with wireless working out-of-the-box.

My Lenovo refurbished Thinkpad meets all of my basic computing/internet needs. Good price, good product, rapid delivery. I highly recommend this laptop if you want a reliable workhorse for basic tasks.

This older IBM is well built easy to use and just solid build quality.  perfect for my lab.  Great choice!!!!

I purchsed this laptop 5 yrs ago as a refurbished unit off Amazon.com and it is still going strong today. I had used a T60 for business travel with a previous employer and loved the feel of the laptop.  It's not lightweght, a little on the heavy side compared to newer models, but I luv it.  It's running Windows XP Professional which is due to expire soon (No Tech Support from MS), but I'm thinking about continuing to use it and get better security installed on it.  I will continue to use it as long as it runs.

I bought this computer for my 8 year old son.  I home school him and his older brother (14), and so he really needed one of his own.  It's not a super, top of the line computer... could use with a larger hard drive, but considering this baby came out in 2007 and came used, it's a steal.  Within a couple of minutes I had it online, had firefox installed, and was watching a youtube video to test it out.  Anyone looking for a good laptop at a super good price, this is it.

I would highly recommend this seller, as the delivered laptop was much better than the generic ad, and all we had to do was hook it up to the Ethernet cable, and boot it up. Really great value for the money, fast shipping and good packaging, and zero hassle.

I bought mine used without software. I installed Windows Xp and started it up. The only issue I have ever encountered was sound driver . I finally found it online and never looked back. The key-board of these machines have been written about by numerous reviewers. The keyboard is the best , period. My wife has had 3 computers Sony Toshiba and Dell and all of them failed to match the Lenovo keyboard. The screen is non-glossy unlike every other machine nowadays. The speakers are powerful and natural sounding, unlike most junk machines from Sony. To make a long story short this Lenovo laptop is made the old fashioned way :) from quality Chinese part, not junk Chinese parts.A bit about a value for the money:My laptop was bought for $270 2 years ago , it has 2-core 2.33Ghz processor, 3Gig of RAM (4gig if you use Win7), Radeon 1400XT dedicated video card with 512 megs of memory and large HD. One thing that it is missing is HDMI.T60 is way better machine than 99% of the modern laptops you would find online for twice the price.

this is a great computer ..I was looking for a laptop that was cheep and that I could carry  this fit the bill but was much better than I through it would be. Fast start up .run really well screen is large and clear. So if your looking for a Great computer  and don't want to spend a lot of money  >> Here it is

Using it right now as i type, great machine great speed, did some low cost upgrades to it and shazam works even better

I am very pleased with this idem. I arrived on time and ready to go. In short it exceeded my expectations.

I used this computer for its display and case to make two working computers from three broken computers.  A very good deal.

I've only had this a couple weeks. That said, I'm very pleased with it. I've moved from a 17-inch to this 15-inch. The 17-inch is supposed to be a "desktop replacement" that stays pretty much in one place, but I used it on my lap a lot. Naturally, this is a LOT lighter and more comfortable. Font and web-pages seem small, but that is probably because of the browser, web designers, and my eyesight, not the computer. So I just enlarge the pages often.The biggest plus for me may be the fact that it stays cool. My old laptop got burning hot on the left side. It doesn't say so here, but I seem to remember learning that this is a combination solid state drive and the usual disk hard drive. That would explain this. I think. Also, it supposedly uses the solid state to boot up and close down more quickly.There is a backlit keyboard option when you want it. Hold down Fn key, which is red and between the Left Control key and the Windows key, and press the space bar. The space bar also has a red color on that side.Being fif-cough-cough years old, I was surprised to like Windows 8. I'm usually the 'what-have-they-done-now' type. I find the windows or tiles on the home page attractive (now), customizable, and I'll get used to where things are sooner or later. You can always go to the button/tile for the old-fashioned style desktop whenever you like, but that seems clunky to me now. If you watch the explanatory videos and Youtube videos as well a few times, you get the hang of the Windows 8 basics. It is still important to me to access the file search option, etc. that are still on the desktop. So I do press the Desktop tile a lot, and work from there.Since I plan to use Microsoft Office 365 for Word, Excel, photos, etc., I didn't worry about the hard drive size too much. I did want good memory for running applications, and this seems more than adequate for me.It offers a touch screen, but I prefer to use the touchpad most of the time. I want to keep the screen as clean as I can, and the touchpad works well. In fact, sometimes it is too sensitive, and takes me where I don't want to go. I found this to be true with my earlier laptops as well. Also, if you rest your left hand to the left of the touchpad, it seems to affect the touchpad/laptop as well. So sometimes I have to lift my left hand when navigating to keep from doing something accidentally. This was also true of other laptops. No big deal.The keys seem shallow, which I quite like. They seem easier to push or something. I also like that it has a number pad. My Apple did not. My HP did, but the number pad was located in such a way that it made the keyboard a little offset from normal.I've enjoyed watching TV through my computer. As with many computers, you can watch it on its screen or connect to a TV to watch it on the big screen. I think the cable you need is called an HDMI cable, available at Target or wherever. This has great resolution. I've been watching my favorite TV shows on the computer for a long time now. So I get only the most basic cable TV. I may cut that as well, since my local news station is available online as well.It does not include a DVD player (optical drive), which is apparently common more often now. All of the ones I looked at were like this. It's a bit of a bummer, but I got a separate DVD player that will plug in when I need to install something from a CD instead of the web or when I want to watch a movie on DVD. I'm sure having it separate relieves some of the weight for your usual daily usage.In Windows 8, they've tried to integrate a lot of things to make computing more seamless or something. For example, they combine your Facebook, LinkedIn, and other social media into one place called People if you allow them. It also combines their address books. I haven't gotten used to this yet. I still go to my Facebook page separately, for example, but on this "People" application, you can update from there instead, as well as read other's posts. There are other things that are integrated, but I haven't got to them yet. I'm usually more concerned about privacy, but this time, I'm trying to go whole hog and let x communicate with y to see how convenient it is. I don't keep that much confidential data on my laptop. We'll see how that goes. You can always opt not to.I use Google Chrome as a browser most often, but some things work better with Internet Explorer. So I use that as needed. If I used IE exclusively, it would probably provide an even more integrated experience, but I like my Chrome.On a separate topic, I saw a presentation on what cloud computing is recently, and it convinced me to go with Office 365. That wasn't the aim of the workshop. It was about cloud computing in general. I just loved the idea of the cloud, although you may want hard copies on a flash drive as a backup to the cloud. The cloud company could go out of business, etc. 365 will store documents on the cloud so that I can reach them from any computer anywhere. It won't need hard drive space. Word, and the rest, will not have as many options for editing, which I'll miss. But it does offer these more important perks. I will love being able to call up photos from my in-law's computer to download photos of their grandson. You have to renew a subscription yearly, however, rather than buying Office to own.Hope this helps!4/26/14 updateI updated a few words above in hopes of making it clearer. Now for other updates. I still love this laptop.*Regarding the coolness of the laptop, in the winter, I wished for some heat. :) It stays cold no matter how long I use it. It will be nice this summer.*Regarding Windows 8, I don't use the Tile screen very much. I mostly use it to pick the Desktop tile, and work from there. It's what I'm used to. I had hoped I'd use the tiles more. When I end up on the Tile screen, I can use the tiles  to navigate back to Chrome with its tile. I can choose the Word tile, etc. But mostly, I stay in Desktop mode. I use File Explorer a lot. Though in Win 8, you are supposed to be able to search the computer from about anywhere. I haven't tried that.*It is hard for me to find a lot of things in Win 8 and Office 365 at first. So I use Help a lot. It's one way to learn. I'm old enough to remember when MS Office had mostly drop-down menus for functions. I still miss that. I hate those stupid ribbons at the top that display what I don't need and take up valuable real estate. Change is par for the course.*Regarding using the Cloud for most of my Docs, I do have an external hard drive to back up docs every now and then. I do save some docs to the hard drive. I like the cloud, however, for access anywhere, but I haven't had to access things elsewhere very much yet.*Regarding the lack of a DVD player, it is a pain. I would like a built-in DVD player for trips. Otherwise, the portable one does well enough for home, and I can use it in the car if I must. Mostly, however, I don't play DVDs. I watch online. In the comments, someone helped me figure out how to get the portable DVD player to work with movies. That application is well-rated, and I downloaded it from cNet, which I think is a safer place to download apps. FYI.Nothing much new. Just still enjoying it. Cross your fingers.

This was a pretty good investment I did.I am a developer and security specialist - the laptop is used for such purposes. It came with Windows 8 pre-installed. It ran good, stable, no issues at all. I have used it with windows for about 3 weeks. Then due to the nature of my work I switched over to Debian Linux. Everything is supported, the Onboard Wifi 7260 works fine and is supported by iwlwifi - stable!The machine is light. I use it for programming and security testing. Its more than enough for it! I ran some VMs as well without problem (considering you need to enable hyperv in bios)USB3.0 is nice as well.Now, I am giving it 5 stars, because I got what I expected and for that price pretty much the best I found and I bought it on highstreet - not amazon! This being sad, I expected two things:1. The HDD sucks its 5400 rpm and not a SSD therefore, do not expect to much - I am thinking of putting a SSD in there sooner or later. That should speed up some operations :)2. Its an ultrabook. I did not expect a good battery life. Interestingly it does not allow you to change the battery in an easy fashion. Sadly this is currently at about 3.5 hrs!

Bought it three weeks ago, i7 Haswell.Quite pleased using it. Well built, fast, with a great display and reliable touch-screen behavior. Light, easy to use on laps, doesn't get hot even on active tasks.In a few days with Win8, I now use touch-screen much often than a touchpad.The only concern could be the battery life. It lasts for 4.5-5 hours on active use or watching video. Won't last for a day w/o charging. From the other hand, not a big deal. 15" size makes it more of a work machine rather than portable device.To sum it up, I'm totally satisfied with what I got for the price.

This Laptop will do all your daily tasks with ease! Don't worry about the 1.8GHz you will do fine with that. The screen is popping and beautiful! Touchscreen response is fantastic! The battery lasts forever! The storage is vast and fast with the SSD Cache! Sleek and slim design, you'd be a fool not to love it!4.5 Stars!Very reliable pc for what its good at!Check out my YouTube Channel to see more on this Ultrabook PC. Just Google search FatedCb

Love this laptop, loads up fast, touch screen,  even though I heard a lot of negative reviews about windows 8, I love it so far, easy access to my emails, games, internet etc. all with a touch of a fingerI've read the negative reviews about this laptop no backlight, hinges are weak, touchpad not working properlyWell good thing I took typing classes back in high school backlight is not needed, hinges have no sign of weariness yet.. touchpad works perfect for me. I'd recommend this laptop.

I've had this for a few months now and not a single problem.  I upgraded the RAM from 4 to 8 gb. This system runs great, very fast.  The only thing I didn't like was how the 500 gb hard drive was partitioned.

I ordered my laptop and once again it not only did it come on time but excellant service and finally i found someone i can trust..thanks guys i will be ordering more from only you guys..price is right and service thanks great too, cant beat it!!

I bought this for around  50$ from  StriderinHell  and this computer works great.  Wifi  works and gos on the internet just fine, and it has XP  soo much better than windows 8 (what were they thinking when they took away the start button).

This tablet is perfect for us windows 7 lovers.  It's a bit heavy compared to newer slimmer tablets, you will enjoy having full functionality of windows vs tablet version... Battery doesn't last very long, even with 8 cell upgrade from 3 cell.... 4gbs of RAM DDR3 is more than enough, the gfx card will run games on lowest settings of game, processor bogs from time to time, boot up is slow time to time, some registry tweaks and some msconfig tweaks will fix that though. Anyone who needs repair or recovery for very reasonable price, contact me... Mkn95u0@gmail.com

I have to disagree with most of Andrew McDowell's points.  This is a great laptop, especially considering that open box returns and refurbished versions of this laptop are going for less than $250.First, at least on mine, Windows 8 experienced no problems or compatibility issues.  WiFi connectivity is also smooth.  There is no reason to downgrade to Windows 7 and mess with the UEFI(even with the goofy Metro interface) because of Classic Shell and/or Start8, which allow you to bypass the Metro UI and have the glorious start button back.  Windows 8 is also just as easy on the processor as Windows 7, so even with the standard 2GB of RAM, few things slow down.Second, the build quality is actually quite good, even though the front edge is a tad sharp and the construction is all plastic. It feels solid in hand - like it might survive a few small drops unscathed. The weight is well-balanced and it feels lighter than its 5.5 pounds. The keyboard is the best "chiclet" keyboard I've experienced.  Though I prefer the older keyboards (non-island), the concave shape of the keys makes this much easier to adjust to than Apple or HP or Samsung, which stick to flat-topped keys that allow your fingers to slide across. There are a couple of keys that are slightly smaller than their counterparts on other laptops, but my typing speed was better with the Lenovo than it was with my flagship quad-core HP!Most importantly, this is a great media laptop.  The screen is very bright and contrasty (with no color gradients), the Dolby sound is above average if you are using the advanced options (click speaker and then click the "bass boost" option in the menu), and the battery life is pretty astounding for a budget laptop.  I got 5 hours of real use at 70% screen brightness performing light tasks, which means you can confidently watch a couple DVDs on a long flight. 480p video plays great, and 720p youtube stretches the APU but most 720p videos are fine. Netflix HD shouldn't be a problem (since it usually isn't real HD). The laptop also games fairly well, punching well above the weight of its 1.4 Ghz netbookish AMD processor.As Andrew below noted, the laptop is extremely easy to work on, as the hard drive/ram/optical drive are all available with the removal of just two screws and a giant panel on the bottom.I highly recommend this laptop, and if you follow slickdeals or the Lenovo Outlet, refurbs and scratch & dent versions of this laptop can go for under $200! This for a laptop with a DVD burner, HDMI out, USB 3.0 ports, and excellent media capabilities.

Yes, the product is great, but it is the seller that made the biggest impression upon us. Every detail was handled expertly..., even the warranty was already activated in our name before delivery to us. While listed as refurbished, we could NOT see how it was not totally new!!! All packaging was included, right down to the manufacturer's logo on the boxes, and it booted up just as a new unit would. We would definitely use this seller again, and we recommend that you use them as a first choice. As "The Public" we should ALL support those dealers that respect their customers by providing them with excellent service as well as exceptional products.All the best to you, M.O.M.

it met my requirements and work the way i expected it to perform,light in wgt and clear audio and visual.

Works great although I expected more from the makers of Thinkpad. Well, this is at least a $1000 less than Thinkpads. Bought two for my kids.

This is an excellent laptop for those on a $500-$600 budget.  It features a brand new 3rd generation "Ivy Bridge" Intel Core i5 processor.  Nothing slow about it.  In general, the laptop looks and feels like a more expensive piece of hardware.  Very thin, sleek look.  Light as a feather.  Because of the relatively thin bezel encasing the display, it sort of feels bigger than it actually is.  Keyboard is very nice and sturdy, easy to get used to for fast typing.  Trackpad looks and feels like a Macbook.  All in all, it is one hell of a nice laptop.  This can be purchased at Office Depot in store if you're interested in checking it out before you buy it.  Worth every penny.

VERY THIN (almost to a level of Ultrabook (but not really as it does not have the SSD Drive and the high endd Materials they use like aluminium)and LIGHT Laptop. I was so surprised of the thinness of this product and the specs that it has given (3rd gen 1.7 ghz i5) at a very competative price (got it for $499).PROS:-Very Thin for a 15.6 inch Laptop.-Has 3rd Gen i5 Intel Chip.-Surprisingly small power block/lightweight cord.-Screen has Great Colors (Not saturated like others).-Minimalistic Style (You have an option to change its appearance easily).-Heat and Noise transfer to hand are so Minimal (you just can't put a gel cover over the keyboard as they design the airflow  to go thru the "Keyboard's outlines" passing thru the left side where the fan outputs the airflow).-LIGHTWEIGHT compared to other 15.6 inch Laptops (Because the Structure/body is made of Hard Plastic.. which... also made the price of this item affordable).-HD Webcam is cool.-Suprisingly light and small Power Block to charge the Laptop.CONS:-Laptop Body is Made of Hard Plastic which makes the Hardware looks and feels cheaply (which made the price of this item lower).-TrackPad was good but not Great.-Dongle for Ethernet/VGA Monitor Port (which I understand to make the design slimmer).-A bit slower albeit it has a 6gb of RAM in a i5 Chipset 1.7 ghx turbo boost to 2.6 (which I easily fix by putting 2 X 8gb which equals to 16gb total making it more Responsive)-a LOT OF BLOATWARE (some useful; some not).-Keyboard is crampy so you may sometimes accidentally hit the TrackPad (but with a little practice; its duable).-Sound coming from the speakers feels too much Treble (but it is louder than my VAIO E and the Dolby Surround Works which is tweakable by the way).I GAVE IT A 5 STAR BECAUSE..-The Price (which some of the suspected Cons outweighs the Pros of this Laptop).-The thinness and lightweight.-It serves the purpose of why a purchase this item which is an affordable; on the go, lightweight computer without me worrying about the value of this item if ever it gets stolen (Not using this for any financial transactions which I use my home computer to do that. Only for Web Surfing/ some emails and some Picture editing).HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR people who would want an affordable, thin lightweight 2nd Laptop on the go with the Internal Performance of a highly Spec. Computer. I haven't stop playing/using this eversince I got it so the fun factor is great.PLUS...A couple of people who saw me with this THOUGHT I WAS USING AN ULTRABOOK which is a great compliment (and I never corrected them...just for the fun of it)!!!

I bought this laptop as a gift and was surprised to see that it has similar specs to a laptop I bought for $400 more. 3rd gen i5 processor and 6 gb RAM at a similar price is hard to find in any other laptop. The touchpad isn't the best but it is functional. I had no problem with the keyboard. The laptop is incredibly thin for a 15.6 non ultrabook. The battery lasts about as long as advertised. Overall I think this laptop makes a great gift for anyone looking for a budget laptop with high end capabilities.

I bought this for my wife as a replacement for a Toshiba that croaked. This one has a much better display, the keyboard is like a full size desk top keyboard and the tactile feel is excellent for touch typing. The Acer runs much cooler than the Toshiba and it has about twice the battery life.

I shopped around for about 2 weeks for a replacement for my previos laptop an MSI with a dedicated graphics card that ran me around $700. After reviews of the intel 4000 graphics card I realized it was about as good as they come for an intergrated video card. I had to have a 3rd generation computer and 6gigs of ram the fact that it is thin is just a plus because I have to bring it with me alot, Definately really light compared to my previos 17 inch beast.I recieved my laptop in record time they said 3 days and it came in 2 I have been experimenting with it ever since.Pros: Light and thin, 3rd Generation I5, 6gigs of ram, price arund $500 bought mine $499, 4000 graphics is best integratedCons: Battery Life (8 hours would be great but would cost more so not really a con lol),alot of bloat ware to removeStill an MSI guy but if you are buget shopping like I am get an Acer.

In terms of 15 inch, 6 gigs of ram, windows 7 computers this was the best value and performs very well.

The Acer laptop is an awesome value for everything it has to offer compared to units that are much more expensive.

I needed a second laptop for travel, and did not want to pay a mint, yet I wanted a reliable and fast machine, with sufficient memory, hard-drive, and a 3rd-generation chip, and light in weight.  I also wanted Windows 7, since all my other computers use it. I found that the Acer Aspire V5-571-6869 fitted what I was looking for. Amazon had considerable choice available--new once, though they tended to be costly, and used and refurbished. I chose to go with refurbished by he manufacturer with a 3-month warranty, and there chose to explore not the cheapest available but the next one. I am really glad I did--the seller was knowledgable, had clearly checked out each of his computers thoroughly, had gotten rid of bloatware and installed reputable free software, and was eager to be helpful--for example, he sent it in to arrive in two days without adding to the cost, and was willing to take calls if help was needed with any problem or set-up. So far I am delighted with my purchase, which has already been given a good work-out.

good product good size and light weight good memory capacity, length of battery charge very good excellent video resolution i liked this product

Runs fast, display is great, easy to connect, runs really cool, a little heavier then my last laptop but not bad. no problems

If you have the expertise to reformat this laptop and set up Windows 7 properly with drivers, this is an excellent budget laptop.  I've already linked the HP drivers you need in the Q&A; sections.Overall, a great value for the 17" screen and nice looking black metallic paint. Doesn't feel cheap at all.  I've already upgraded the hard disk and RAM, and plan to trash the Atheros wi-fi adapter soon.Wi-fi speeds are OK for Internet access but go way down over the LAN.  See product images on how the Centrino N 1000 wifi card registers & works fine with this laptop.8GB RAM upgrade kit I installed:Corsair Vengeance 8GB (2x4GB)  DDR3 1600 MHz (PC3 12800) Laptop  Memory (CMSX8GX3M2A1600C9)

I see a few people complaining that this computer is slow.  My parents are not technologically inclined, so after learning it was running on Windows 8, which I had never used before, I knew I would have to learn it myself and then teach them how to use it.Thankfully I found a program online called Win8 Start Button, so at the least I could make the computer skip the metro screen and go directly into desktop mode, along with the good ole start button!  I played with the computer for several hours.  Watched a Netflix movie, surfed the web as I normally would and had no issues with its performance.If people were expecting a gaming pc, or a multitasking pc(for example: running Microsoft excel, Photoshop, surfing the web etc) concurrently, then I could see them having issues with the computer.  You can upgrade the memory if you need some extra power, but the AMD processor is a budget, eco friendly cpu.  Not an Intel ; powerhouse.But for a computer that is going to be used for skyping, web surfing and storing pictures, I and my parents found it to be perfect for them. Especially for only 379.99(Black Friday deal)

I bought this for my son and his family to replace an old computer that they had and it is wonderful.  So simplistic in design, yet so attractive to look at.  The ease to set up is always a plus with HP and Microsoft.  My son's family is thrilled with it.

Pros:- I got mine for $454, so most likely the best deal I have ever gotten, because this would cost at least $800 at  Bestbuy of any other offline store. Amazon rocks !- The graphics are amazingly beautiful. This is the biggest selling point for me.- Great for watching movies on the go when you are away from you big screen at home  (graphics are AWESOME !)- You can control the lighting very easily on the keyboard.- The design is sleek and attractive.- It makes little to no sound at all while running programs.- The operating system is excellent. I love the new Windows 8 setup. You can pin your most used programs to the start up screen and launch without going to the desktop.- It can run windows 98,2000,XP,Vista programs in compatibility mode.- There are many more amazing things to say.Cons:- It is kind of difficult to see a list of all the installed programs in one place like in windows 7. I have to go to control panel > add remove programs to see all my programs. I would have liked it more if they had one place where I can see everything. This is a minor detail so not a big deal in the big picture but Just saying.- Sometimes while loading a page the mouse stops moving. Not a complete freeze, but a couple seconds of inactivity. Again, not a big deal but just saying for the sake of full disclosure.Overall analysis:This is an excellent machine with a great operating system and excellent exterior design. The price is criminally low, which is a great. I am a college student so I needed a mobile computer to work with while I'm at school, which is most of my day. If that is your purpose then this is definitely  the laptop for you. Overall I definitely recommend this system to anyone on interested in a laptop. I update my experiences again in a couple of months.Thanks for reading.

I was unaware of the drastic changes of Windows 8 software, so I removed it and added Windows 7Just study before you  get into my situation.The machine functions well, works well and a great value.

Compared to my older computer it is alot larger and is very great and easy to use. If would definately purchase another one of these computers

to consider the best brand in computing products. I really like for its high quality in every product offered by HP. I recommend it 100%

laptop is running perfect. windows eight is also running really well. i would reccomend this product to everyone.  have a great day

this computer has everything that I need.it is pretty fast and the screen is big and amazing.an awesome computer.

So far so good I am learning windows 8, I am sure as time goes on I will get the hang of it. Great deal for the money!

It's clean and sleek.  The big screen is clear and like looking at a big screen TV!  Very fast and easy to set up.

Very happy but have a problem with Windows 8 as it does not work with all my programs and is giving me a problem with my anti virus program

Title says it all! Attractive laptop, good resolution, and setup. Fast startup and configuration. Win 8 icons make opening set programs easier after you get the feel of the new OS. Keys are easy to use and scroll pad works great. I feel like I got what I paid for. The only downside I came accross was the power light is really to small and no key backlights. CD drive door did not get the proper quality control when assembled and installed. Door is very tricky to open, but with a little patience it works. If your expecting a top of the line laptop, then order an expensive one. This one serves my needs.

first laptop / computer fast speed easy to navigate quick loads SD card a plus and the screen size works great

17.3 is a nice size from the 15 inch. so now we speed,size and price you can't beat. would tell a friend

This is the first laptop that I have ever purchased and I love it. It loads apps quick and easy without any problems.

it's great love it and it only took 2 days to get it, it was the best Christmas for me!

I purchased this lap top for my father-in-law. It had everythng that he needed and was being offered at a great price.

This is the absolute BEST computer I've ever had.  I can't say enough of how pleased I am with my new HP Pavilion. Love it!

Ordered this for my wife as a Christmas gift. Just set it up so it is ready to go on Christmas morning. Received this in two days, fast service

This is a wonderful lap top for the money. Fast, nice screen resolution, clear, and the keypad is very accessible. Bought this for my 86 year old Dad and he loves it. This would make a wonderful lap top for someone going to school. as it is not that heavy. Great value for the money.

I bought this laptop at a local Micro Center. This thing is amazing!!! i paid $399.99 plus taxes and a 2 year accidental warranty it came out to a total of $575.00. let me make this clear to you..i am a Techie, i love technology, and i like to be up-to-date with lots of things, Computers and laptops Being among them, let me put it to you like this. The best computers on the market Have " intel core i7 processors" those are quad-core computers and usually have at least 6 gigabytes of ram and 500 gigabytes of harddrive space. This computer, the HP Pavilion g6-2010nr Notebook PC can definitely compete with that. let me show you pros.PROS:1) intel i3 processor at 2.3 ghtz2)above average size screen, not big, but definitely not small a 15.6 inches.3) long battery life ive had it working on battery for over 5 1/2 hours.4) Altec Lansing Speakers for loud, and clear sound.5) 4 gigabytes of ram with just facebooking, school work or alot of other things 4 gigabytes is all you need. but you can also add 4 gigabytes of ram to this laptop. making it an 8 gigabyte monster. (which is what I am going to do soon)6) 640 gigabyte hard drive!!! way above average. alot of laptops still come with a 280 or 320 gigabyte hard drive. making this one amazing.7) Comes with windows 7. wich is very stable and well designed.8) HDMI port, to connect to a tv for slideshows movies and other awesome things.9) High Resolution Screen. running at 1366x768. its great for youtube, or movies.10) Great camera. comes with lots of cool built in features mom's will love to use. This laptop EVEN COMES WITH FLASH for pictures. not a whole lot of laptops come with flash, usually just $800 and up laptops.11) very light weight. less than 6 pounds.12) usb speed 3.0 the newest and fastest speed. making file transfers faster than before.13) Comes with 2 usb slots, a memory card slot a headphone slot9(3.5mm universal size in all laptops)14) DOESNT GET HOT!!! cool to the touch! even after 4 or 5 hours of use, due to new hp cooling technology, typing on you lap is now MORE COMFORTABLE!!!CONS:1)this laptop still comes with a DVD player i really dont care since i usually dont watch movies on my laptop, i mean come on, why do we have t.v.'s?Newer and more expensive computers usually haveintel i7 proccesors6 gigabytes of ram720 gigabytes of harddriveand bluray players. but if you want that, expect to pay well over $800Bottom Line: I highly recommend this laptop to anyone in need of one, but on a budget. HP is American and one of the highest rated laptop and desktop companies today. HP was so awesome that when i opened my box, i got a free 60 day anti-virus software FOR FREE!!!! HP has amazed me. hopefully it amazes you as well.P.S. What do you think i wrote this review with? ^_^

This is a nifty little laptop for home use.  It is exactly what I wanted.  My only complaint if I must find one is the power plug is on the right side of the machine.  I am right handed and use a mouse.  Had to find something wrong with it!  :)

I bought this right before starting college in September of 2012. I have had it for four months or so and have not had any problems with it whatsoever. I would definitely recommend this product to people.

Bought for my wife's business laptop. Swapped out the drive for an HDD and she loves it. Nice sound and no issues with the computer.

The laptop is maintained in good condition. I'm glad to note that many programs have been installed and the laptop runs fast. The reason I purchase this laptop with 32-bit operating system is that it is compatible with the installation of Chinese characters software. Sometimes, I use this software to translate English language into Chinese.

I was very happy when I received this laptop. After doing research and looking at my budget, I thought this would be the best fit for me. I am mainly using it for web browsing and photo editing. So far, it does everything I need it to.If you're looking at a higher end windows product, I would go with a Sony Vaio E series. I'm particularly an Apple fan, but a Macbook pro was not in my budget. So I went with the next best thing! I'm still getting used to Windows 8, but it's very easy to use once you get the hang of how everything works.So if you're looking for a higher quality computer for photo editing, school work or just browsing the internet - I would highly recommend this laptop. It gets the job done and doesn't hurt your wallet.

This is my first Sony VAIO purchase and I have to say it's really good! It's design is beautiful as well as the Sea-foam color I believe that's what it's called. It has a beautifully back-lit keyboard makes it very easy to see at night obviously but in the day too it looks really nice. It's very lightweight and thanks to it's 5400RPM HDD it does not get hot at all which is a relief because this is a problem I have run into with other laptops.It comes with an Intel i3 processor which is great for everyday tasks and having several programs open. I use Cisco Packet Tracer while listening to music on YouTube or Pandora and having my browser, Mozilla open with multiple tabs open and it handles it very well.I plan on slapping another 2 gigs to this PC to run better because I need it but for everyday use and stuff it should be fine.This PC comes with Windows 8! As stated on the product specs. Okay Windows 8 is pretty good, yes it has a new interface but not so different honestly. When the PC boots you will be prompted with MS new Metro UI (User Interface). It 's very nice actually the apps are pretty cool and it just shows where OS(operating system(s)) are going. Many people have approached Windows 8 with a negative attitude because of the interface but if you look back when the transition went from WinXP to Windows Vista soon after Windows 7 people reacted the same but then got used to it and so I believe that's how Windows 8 is going to be.*I do advise you to invest 5 dollars in a program called Start8* This program brings back the Start button that we are so used to seeing in Windows 7 and it functions just like Windows 7 and it makes the transition a little less painful with all the extra clicking that Windows 8 forces us to make.Graphics are good too it's nothing spectacular but hey it's good enough. This PC can edit HD & 3D videos it's sort of like Windows Movie Maker, and it comes with Sound Forge where you can create your own music which is pretty cool don't think I will use it but somebody else probably will.In the package where the instruction manual comes will be a promotional credit where Sony gives you 3 credits for you to use on Google Play where you can watch 3 movies of your choice with the selection given unlimited times. I don't think you can download it which is unfortunate but still it's 3 movies.I know this is a long review and not the best but I do hope it has helped anyone interested in getting this PC.Overall, it's a great PC. This is not suited for somebody needing to have Photoshop open with some Adobe Illustrator and 10 tabs on your browser open. But more for someone with little-moderate use and also this is price range I was looking for as well.Feel free to leave a comment or a question and  I will try to answer it to the best of my ability!Regards,Andrew Ramirez

It is the first time buying a Sony product and it has been great. I wanted a laptop that looks cheerful but does not skimp on technology. I love my  Sony and i am sure we will be together for many years. And the pink could have been darker but the colour is unique compared to the usual pink you see on other laptop's. So I am very, very, happy with my purchase.

I haven't had any problems with this laptop yet. I like that the keyboard lights up when I type and it comes with windows 8.

So far I have not had any difficulties using this computer and Windows 8 features make this a delight to own. Depending on your settings [ex: appearance < performance] this computer can go for six or more hours.

I'm using this laptop to write this review right now. I'm very satisfied with my purchase, it hasn't messed up at all

Lightweight, starts up very quickly...like the lighted keyboard.  A good looking computer.  Now if I could just master windows 8.1.....

I found this laptop to be very effective in terms of security. And that this laptop is reach the basic needs of any user.

I was going to purchase a 52 inch television for around 1200 dollars but came across this item on amazon and it is half the price but double the size of a television. In addition to watching movies on this, I will be able to surf the internet. I ordered it as quickly as I could before they sell out. I can't wait until it arrives! Hope the delivery person helps me get it into the house. What a great deal!

I've owned my computer for almost a week now, and I'm absolutely loving it. For the money I almost bought an Hp with a T6600 processor and 320GB hard drive etc etc. I bought this for the same price as the other hp and got MORE memory and a better processor. Why wouldn't you want an upgrade of 180 GB hard drive for free? If your a student and like to have lots of music, videos and play light gaming and still have tons of room for your homework and projects, this is a great computer.I also love how its 14" monitor, so I can take it anywhere and fit it into any bag. It has a very sleek and glossy exterior. A little bit of work to keep clean, but that's no reason not to buy a computer. The speakers are great for a laptop. I was actually surprised how clear sounds and music was.  As with most HP laptops, you get the lightscribe burner, which is great, but it also comes with a disc replacement thing so if you don't care to use a disc drive, you can remove it and save some weight. But really it doesn't weigh that much.The only downfall I have with this computer is the slightly low battery life. I think a little bit of that might be my fault cause I just plugged in and played rather than letting the battery charge fully first before I started playing with it.Great laptop for the price.

I did mountains of research before committing to a replacement for my dead Sony (second dead Vaio = end of brand loyalty), and I chose this HP for its performance, value, and seeming sturdiness.  The new i3 processor is fantastic and there is plenty of RAM to handle multitasking.  I haven't even had to pace myself with my computing whims -- I'm downloading, word processing, virus-scanning, and listening to music without worrying about overloading the system.  What I like most about this laptop is the big bright display, which for me was important in the switch from 15.4 to 14.1 -- nothing else in this price range compares.  Finally, the machine is built well compared to others in this price range (I'm looking in your direction Asus and Acer).Some reviewers have mentioned overheating, and I was apprehensive about this -- and after buying I was constantly monitoring the temp to see if a return was in my immediate future.  But really it's not so bad, better than my last Sony, and I do believe that having the i3 processor  (still blazing fast, mind you) minimizes this problem in this configuration.  But if heat is your number one concern, sacrifice more computing power and go for one of the new super-mobile types with the dainty processors.  They will stay cooler of course.Overall, I am extremely pleased with this purchase and would recommend this HP laptop to my friends, family, and to all of you!

I'm still a satisfied Toshiba customer. However, after carefully researching specs and reviews of other choices, the HP Pavilion was the best buy. HP Pavilion DV4-2161NR 14.1-Inch Laptop (Black) Faster RAM (DDR3), huge Hard Drive (500 GIG), and a 2.13 Processor.  The cost was a little more than I planned, but the trade off for satisfaction will be worth it.  The only issues has been the 64 bit OS.  Although not the fault of the computer, I haven't been successful in getting Microsoft 2003 Office suite to load. My only concern was when Norton's was doing some maintenance the hard drive was quite noisy.  Other than that it runs quiet.  I haven't tested the burning features.  Although my experience on cam-coders is limited, camera quality appears above average.  Sound is impressive and the ability to adjust the sound by touching a lighted control is a great feature.  You can turn off the wireless with a simple touch also.  Battery life is only fair. Over all this is a outstanding laptop with desk top features.CareyShow-me-State

I bought this laptop almost two years ago. It is great. I have no complaints. I have read some bad reviews that the battery life is short. Mine last for  6 hours, even after 2 years of daily use!!!

I got this computer back in August and in the Digital Plaid design. I absolutely love this computer and it is everything i wanted. It is fast and it does everything i need it to do. I am a college student so a lot of work and reports are done on this, and i also enjoy webcaming and editing pics and videos and this does the job well. It does show fingerprints pretty easy, but that really isn't a deterrent. This computer has the perfect size, great memory, and its very functional. Great product!

Purchased this laptop after reading reviews here.  I am very happy with my purchase.Internet is fast and it does everything that I wanted it to do.  No complaints at all.

I ordered this computer and got it in 3 days. It was good as I expected.

I recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerI recommend this sellerSo good

Its a beaitufully designed, fully packed with all the features and easy to carry laptop.HP Pavilion DV4-2161NR 14.1-Inch Laptop (Digital Plaid)

This laptop is a great buy I would buy another one if I had the money to HP laptop I think are the best laptops around

This is the first HP Laptop I've purchased.  The computer is solid.  I like the style and the keyboard.  It's very fast and has never locked up.  (I've owned it for 2 months).  The mouse does jump around a bit quicker than I would prefer but I can deal with that.I'll review again in a few months.

I bought this laptop 3 weeks ago and I'm very comfortable with it's performance. It's much better than my older one. I really recommend this product for everyone. Thanks AMAZON for your excellent costumer service.

I am pleased with my compute so far.I am puzzle because I don't understand how I duplicate my purchase.Can you please check and let me know, so I won't do the same thing in the future.thanks.katya

Since I am using it mainly in office work and small games, it performs very good. Totally, it reached my expectation!

Had it for about a month now after a lemon of a Dell inspiron (w/ Vista). So far, everything is working great, picked up my wireless effortlessly and I've had no crashes yet using Windows 7. My only complaints, and they are minor, are the super shiny surfaces that fingerprint to no end and the location of the caps lock light - right next to the key, you can't see when it's on if you are typing. Otherwise, a great product.

This is the very good laptop, and the price is very low, well, it's the best choice for me, the rendiment is great, and the style is amazing

i love this computer, it's what I wanted and it was not expensive at all.  It has many good features and windows 7 is fantastic!! i don't really have the words to tell just how much I really love this little computer!

This unit will do exactly what it says it will - ready for use out of the box - and it shipped very quickly.  My wife loves it!

Bought this laptop for my 14 yr old son.  He's a big Runescape fan.  I've heard no complains or problems.  Well worth the money.

Hi. I just got this Thinkpad last week, so I can only give you my first impressions. The case is very sturdy. The LED screen is very good with nice color. The frame around the screen is the strongest I've seen on any laptop. If you break the screen on this laptop you did something very wrong. The screen pivots 180 degrees so it lays down flat. The hinges are very strong and appear to be magnesium or some other alloy. It's a little heavy but the extra weight is well spent and worth every fraction of an ounce for how sturdy it is.  When the screen is closed, you can set it down on it's back spine and it stands up. It stands up on the sides too, but not as stable. I guess having a clunky old fashioned looking case has it's benefits. ( I read others complain about how it looks, so I state this in jest.)  I have the lowest rated Hard Drive in my T530, 320 GB, 5400 speed, but it still gets a 5.4 ranking on the windows experience, and it is very energy efficient and doesn't drag the battery down, and it's virtually silent.(There is a feature inside called a Hard Drive Air Bag that is supposed to protect it somehow. It's a Lenovo feature. I think it might make it harder to change the hard drive, but I don't know that for a fact.) My old Dell only had 320 GB and in 4 years I had only put about 60 GB worth of media on it. So, for me it's good enough, even though it looks inferior on paper.  Download speeds are pretty fast. But I was very worried that Internet Explorer took for ever to resolve a webpage when surfing. I tried Firefox search engine and was shocked at how very fast it was. Then I found a Microsoft utility to remove Internet Add-Ons. You can run it from the Microsoft website. What a wow difference. Now it's a surfing delight.  There is no number pad, but my Dell 14 didn't have one either. There is a little space between each key that alloys me to type without my annoying errors and backspaces from hitting adjacent keys. I'm lovin' it. The keyboard light is a nice useful touch. I very much like the touch pad experience on this machine.  The Keyboard is flanked by the speakers. The Sound is interestingly good, while not overly loud. In Sound Controls there is a Dolby Equalizer where you can set several custom EQ protocols. and turn on Surround or not. While it's not true surround, it does make an interesting stereo effect for the user while at the keyboard. I like the sound of it alot. I haven't had this on my budget machines.  I am pretty confident this machine will meet my needs for the next 4 years at least.

What's more, it has an NVIDIA GPU, on which I could test my CUDA programs! Marvelous! The only issue is that it's without a mouse. So remember buying a mouse along with it.

Came just as I expected with the NVDIA video card, 500 GB hard drive, 9 cell battery, fingerprint reader and backlit keyboard.

This mac laptop is perfect for my use, also very portable.  It turned out to be everything I expected, and at a great price.  Thank you!

If you are on a low budget, then this is the perfect laptop for you. Just got it yesterday, and it is running beautifully. Maybe a little scratched up, but hell for [...], this thing is a masterpiece. Highly recommended for students and casual users. =D

Very good price for an IBook G4. The laptop arrived in the condition and configuration stated by the seller. There were no obvious appearance blemishes and the system profiler indicates that the battery is good. The 12" screen is large and sharp enough for most applications. The OS alone would cost me half as much as I paid for the laptop if I would have had to purchase it separately.

I bought this ibook for my husband and he loves it.  He mostly uses it for internet but is impressed with his first Mac.  The DVD drive was a bonus as I did not realize it had one when I ordered it.  The only down fall is that the battery does not hold much charge (only about an hour) but you can always buy a better one.  It's great and for a very reasonable prize.

This little computer is awesome! 5 stars! But the battery life, not so good. Well you could always buy a better 1. I dont need to right a long review like the others because this review is from my heart and because my back is hurting ALOT! 5 Stars! Apple, YOU ROCK!

Item was exactly as advertised.  Very pleased with this purchase.  Daughter and grandson have been without a computer since their last move, and this was just what they needed.  Will definitely check back with this seller when husband gets ready to upgrade his computer.

I bought this maybe a month ago and i couldnt be happier. Everything works great and almost no scraches just some regular usage buffs on the bottom but other than that it clean. The screen is new the mouse button still clicks like it was new, keyboard is great condition, and it got here just on time. Although im not a mac user normaly this computer was awsome! I used it as mac for a while then installed linux, i am a linux user so yeah i had to do it, and i have had no problem, use it daily for projects and hangs in there with the intel computers just as fast but without using up alot of space like a regular laptop, so i can use it even on small tables.

This is my first MAC and I'm surpised!... The quality of MAC's Hardware and the MAC OS are very very above the average of similar products. This little Laptop helped me to get out of the Microsoft Windows world to a new world of virus-free environment, enhancements, stable and performance.If you are a Microsoft Windows user and you want to change, you can try this laptop as your first MAC ... you will be full satisfied!!.

REALLY good deal on laptop does everything a newer laptop does besides watch videos "youtube" in HD. REALLY really fast shipping two days .laptop was almost new when got besides a few scratches at bottom no big deal. over all this is a good buy

I'd just like to say that I've gotten at least two ibook g4's online from different vendors and they are good computers.  they last and run well.  i won't go into detail on why i had to replace them but i can say it wasn't the computers fault.  Betamacs is an awesome company in my opinion, because they exceeded their advertised product quality.  not only was the computer new looking, but it was also preloaded with many different programs i would've downloaded later, such as open office, firefox, etc.  They also gave me a good 20 extra GB of hard drive capacity.  I will be writing my second novel on this computer, it's really all I needed and I think the processor runs better than intel.  Betamacs I will definitely mention your store if I ever make it to be a best selling author.  Thanks so much!

I purchased an iBook G4 for my son as a Christmas gift.  I'd been shopping for a refurbished laptop for a while, not wanting to spend the money for a new laptop for a 16-year old at this time.  The G4 got great reviews and, since my wife owns a newer MacBook that my son borrowed constantly, I thought the iBook would ease the competition in our home for computer resources.  This particular model has lived up to its reviews extremely well--it's a functional, solidly made appliance that has all the capabilities needed, including Bluetooth connectivity and a connection to our home wireless network via AirPort.  It's certainly not as flashy as the newer, forged-from-a-single-block-of-aluminum model, but it fills the bill splendidly.  This iBook looks to be a real workhorse and the price can't be beat.  I think I'll start looking for one for myself now....

I have used windows machines for years. What do I do on a computer? I use email, fantasy sports, and some word processing and spreadsheets. This would seem like it would be pretty simple for microsoft and windows machines to handle but they constantly slow down, sputter, and take longer and longer to start up and turn off.Having two friends who have used Macs for years I decided to buy a used one and see how it performs with daily usage and if it compares or if it is better. This machine, while old and likely out dated by newer models is awesome. The Iphoto App is wonderful and easy, installing Office was so simple I could not believe it and a few other pieces of software. I will be upgrading my wife and kids computers to Apple products and we will never go back.This machine is old and is far superior to my wife's much newer windows machine. I love it.

Great for the price. Can be a bit noisy at times but overall good price for MAC laptop overall. Once I got it, I fell in love with it and started using it right away.

I recieved my apple ibook g4 from GoGet Computers today. I was skeptical as the price was so low but all I read was good reviews. I recently broke my Sony Vaio. Even though this computer is many years old, in my opinion it is still sleeker and stylish compared to newer computers.It has a different operating system than most computers but I'm getting used to it. It is in great condition, only thing I noticed wrong with it was a letter on the keyboard was vanishing but I know what letter it is so it works for me. All in all this computer is great and well more than worth the $100 I paid for it. The outer condition looks brand new, and I'm so happy to have a computer again, I would definitly buy from Go Get Computers again and definitly would purchase the Apple IBook G4 again. As a matter of fact I don't think I'll ever purchase a non Apple product again. Amazing how they hold their value. Thanks GoGetComputers and Apple!

For the price, the condition of the computer was fantastic... battery life, body, etc. I really appreciate the quality of this product. It's been a blessing to me! Thank You!

I got this for the kids to use for school. My kids are in middle school and they love to play online games and I got the Mac so they can do school work and play games without the threat of a virus, that happens often on my windows computer. The kids are trying to learn the Mac OS, but the computer works great, looked new performs great and i am so happy that I don't have to take my computer to the shop as often.

Quite pleased with this product...must say it looked new and is working like a new item...I'm quite pleased to say that I'll definetly be doing business with abcd computers....

Have not had a chance to check it out yet. 5 stars for prompt early delivery for Will. Wasn't suppose to come this early. Thanks excited already post another review after working on it later.

I just got it today I am so in love with it. I am so glad I got it for a very good deal work perfectly and I got very fast. Thank you for my very first MAC

I love my ibook. It is a great machine. It works well and I am very pleased. It is very user friendly. I was worried about switching from windows to mac but I love it and am glad I made the switch.

I just had to have a MAC. I decided to go with an older, refurbished model. I ordered this machine from Wegner(spelling?) over six months ago. The machine performs well for my needs. It is an older model, so I just use it to run some MAC specific software I use for writing projects.The customer service from this company was wonderfully old school. I called several times before, during and after placing my order. The woman who answered the phone was warm and friendly. She answered all of my questions. This is a small company, but someone took time to call me back and answer my questions. They were awesome.I am pleased with my purchase and the customer service.

Love this item. Couldn't be happier with my purchase! Everything was to my satisfaction. I was enthusiastic to see that there was already Microsoft word, excel, and powerpoint on the computer.  This was a nice surprise because I thought I would have to buy those later as well.

WE JUST WANTED A EXTRA WEB MACHINE AND FOUND THIS FOR ABOUT 200$..YEAH ITS REFURBISHED BUT I WILL SAY I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS.OUT THE BOX USER FRIENDLY.SO SIMPLE ITS BRILLIANT.WORTH EVERY PENNY..

i am really happy to have found a reliable company selling used computers. i will continue doing business with this company.they stand behind their warranty and products.

I've had an ibook G4 since 2004. I bought it brand new back then. Its now 2011 and I am writing this review with that very laptop. I've had 2 other computers since the time I bought this laptop that no longer work. Apple products may be expensive but they last forever. I have never had problems with this computer. Its battery life is actually about 2 hours longer than my dell laptop I bought last year. Most of laptops more than 5 years old have a battery life of about 5 seconds. Thats pretty impressive. Of course this laptop has inferior specs compared to computers today, but you can still do basic things like browse the internet, write papers, synthesize music (yes it comes with garageband), photoshop, some games, etc.Its operating system is immune to all windows viruses. There is hardly any malware out there for mac os x. So you're computer won't slow down overtime from browsing the web like windows will. People say there are no programs for macs, but since the popularity of macs has risen over the years this is no longer true. I have all the basic programs I have on my windows computer like Microsoft Word, VLC, Firefox, MSN messenger, etc. Just a note, the highest operating system you can have for this computer is Mac os x leopard as it doesn't not have an intel processor.I'd recommend this computer if you want save money. Don't expect to play modern day games on it or anything, but expect to find most of your favorite windows programs written for mac. Still 7 years later this computer is still going strong.

I bought two of these as Christmas presents.  They were both in good shape and shipped safe and fast.  The thing that impressed me the most was the support from Wegener Media when there was a problem with one of them booting.  The warrantee was expired, but they took time on the phone to help resolve the problem and sent me a recovery disc at a very low cost.  They helped brainstorm the problem by phone and email.  I was able to resolve it, but I'm sure they would have made it worth the postage to return it for them to do the work if it had been a hardware issue.

We have been very happy with our purchase of this used IBook.  I am so glad I took the chance and got the apple computer versus buying a new net book.  If you like using MAC computers versus a PC you will be ecstatic with this ibook!

This laptop was bought for my 'aged' father so he could have a mac just like the rest of us. There was no reason to chuck out 1,000s of dollars on a computer he didn't really know how to use. It came on time with everything it said it would. It's just what he needed for less than $300.

I bought this model  for my nephews.  Refurbished-It runs like new.  Really good price and in fine working order.My nephews were thrilled with their presents.  They couldn't be happier.  I actually purchased two of them-The same model.

the laptop is perfectly good as new right is it like store bought items like from the apple store huh ?

This vendor cares about the products it sells and it shows...the laptop I received was in "Like New" condition, a term that I have seen before on products, but this vendor raises that standard to a new level. Hinges, keyboard, display, AirPort and Rom drive all in excellent condition and working order. Battery holds a good charge and external power supply was new. I bought this computer for a middle-school student, and it fit the bill (literally) perfectly. I will probably buy another before they are all gone!

I guess when faced with things the way that they are, we can get the wrong idea.Lafayette Liquidations does not have to worry because I am  going to make a SALE on my own.  I just need to make Amazon aware of it so they quit bothering you.Thank youShawn Stopper

I bought the product for a specific application which I did not realize required an Intel processor. Vendor was very helpful and considerate through the return process.

I got the iBook for my brother. This is a great value for a Mac laptop. The iBook looked almost new. Very satisfied. If I didn't own a MacBook Pro I would probably get another iBook.

It's light and portable. The resolution is good, too. It's the best laptop I have used. very convenient. just the size I want

I really love it. It's can be touched easily,  like a tablet and can be changed into different angle. It's very fast. And the price is good.  I love amazon.

this ultrabook is amazing except the ram is a little bit small, and it is hard to decompse and add a new msata ssd

in the work place - medical office with a emr this thinkpad meets our needs on a daily basis - good investment so far

I give it 5 stars because it is great.  The only negative I would give it is that it is very slow to come back from sleep mode.

I expected it to be heavier since it had a 500 HDD. But the laptop is very light and fast.

Update Day 14.I have purchased Anker Astro Pro External Battery pack.  It is light enough and has enough "juice" to be a permanent travel companion with Twist.  I will test it out in my trip to South Africa in 4 weeks time. It should prove handy during the flight from Amsterdam to Johannesburg. Twist is now my favourite e-reader.@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@UpdateI had to do fresh installation for another reason.This time I just disabled autorotation in the device manager.To get better battery life I disables a few other features.Incredibly simple solution.@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@2I have had mine for one week. Having worked out the bugs with a new 120 gig ssd and a fresh installation I love the computer.Reading customer reviews I was prepared for short battery life. However I did find the autorotation behaviour disturbing.I found this registry hack from Windows 8  forum to LOCK AUTOROTATION and it  works!OPTION 4How to Lock or Unlock Screen AutoRotation in Windows 8 and Windows RT[...]

I bought this on sale last year close to the holidays and, after a few minor tweaks, am very pleased.Was on a very tight budget after losing my job at the time and bought it to replace a 2006 Macbook Pro(2.16ghz dualcore, 4gb, ATI x1600) that finally gave up (overheating issues). it's surpassed my expectations so much that I dropped my initial plan of using this for a while then buying a more powerful laptop when money allowed.The good* It's speedy and boot up is ridiculous, even without an SSD hard drive you're up in seconds as if you had one and everything is very snappy.  Even months later with the drives filled with tons of stuff I have no speed complaints.* Everything I throw at it runs well: multitasking, web (many tabs and flash heavy sites), work, video and, to my surprise, games (Source engine games like CS: Source run great, and Warframe [a modern graphically demanding game] runs surprisingly well [40+fps] on low settings + lighting/bloom/mid textures.  Some, like Natural Selection 2, are just unplayable even on low).* The touch screen works perfectly, but I find myself using it less and less after fixing the touchpad (more below). I sometimes use it on the start menu and all the time for the picture password.* Asus USB Charger Plus which supposedly turbocharges iPhones/pads.* SmartAudio for the system wide equalizer [you will want it to lower the bass and boost the treble on the built in speakers or else music sounds deep/drowned as well as to get more bass when using headphones.  Thankfully, there are separate settings for speakers and headphones and the system will smartly switch on plugging/unplugging headhphones, Even volume level, just like my old Mac. neat]* Fantastic travel and tactile feel of the keyboard and perhaps the best placement of home/end, PageUp/PageDown I've ever seen [on the left/right and Up/Down arrow keys used while holding the Fn key.  Just makes so much sense.  I have to hunt for the End key on my work Dell when I want to go to end of line.]* The screen is really bright and colorful.* Feels great/looks great2mo+ Update:I've started using this machine with VMware Workstation 10 to script and code in CentOS 6.4 and the latest version of a certain fruit based OS.  Not sure what the 1 star reviewers are doing, but I'm still impressed this little processor packs such a punch.  I'm giving the virtual machines 2GB of ram, access to both CPU cores, and storing files on their own partitions.  Animations are slightly choppy in the VM, of course, because of no driver support, and disk access is a little bit slower, but everything's rendered well and fairly responsive for a 1.8ghz dual core.  I wanted native-type speed and now boot directly into said fruit based OS from an external usb.  Even without graphics acceleration it runs so smooth you wouldn't believe you weren't on an all aluminum and glass machine.The bad* The camera frame rate is really low.  Like old school 2megapixel low, while the resolution is decent.* The stock Asus touchpad driver this comes with has a pretty, apple-like UI, but is absolute garbage.  A ton of misclicks and cursor jittering, especially when navigating the start menu.  Without fail, u will open the photo app or the store, etc.  Pretty annoying.  Worse is there is no real way to tweak sensitivity or fine tune behavior in the default control panel and it seems there is a conflict between the 32 bit and 64 bit drivers that run simultaneously. (I found that renaming the 32 bit driver folder to avoid it starting up helped a ton with the misclicks while navigating the start menu, but not enough)* The screen is glossy.  Feels great to the touch, but sometimes depending on where I am the ceiling light or my own reflection can be distracting.  But that's a problem with all glossy screens* Battery life is more like 3 hours, but then again I have a lot of things running on it.* Matte keys and grey labeling makes them hard to see when working in the dark.* The touchpad is two to maybe three times more firm to click than say, an apple touchpad.  Like the apple pad, it's hinged at the top so pushing there is much harder than the middle, which is harder than the bottom.  You get used to it though and then those other pads feel way too squishy.* The screen color temperature varies a quite bit depending on the vertical angle u look at it.  I can go from about 4300k to 5000k in like an inch and a half of tilt.  More noticeable than my old mac.Recommendations if you're sticking with Windows 81. Install system-wide malware blockingsee winhelp2002.mvps.org/hosts.htm for instructions or just get the list is at winhelp2002.mvps.org/hosts.txt. It goes in C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts and will provide you stress free browsing in all apps including IE, which doesn't really have a suitable malware blocking extension.2. and the biggest recommendation, install better touchpad driversI've tried a few different ones and you're best bet is: elan_touchpad-11.14.5.2(www.station-drivers.com).exe  Not only does the control panel have more options, you can enable even more hidden options in the registry under Computer\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Elantech\SmartPad.  Misclicks... gone.. Jittering gone.  I can now rest my thumb on the bottom right to click and use my index finger to move. I like the apple touchpad experience and here is how I've tweaked mine.. impossible with the stock Asus driversAnywhere I click or tap is a left click, even the bottom rightTwo finger click or tap is a right clickTwo finger reverse "natural" panning/scrollThree finger click or tap is a middle clickThree finger swipes left/right to go forward/backThree finger swipe up opens My ComputerThree finger swipe down does ctrl alt tab, one finger swipe/click to select an appand of course you have your standard pinch zoom, one finger swipe from edge to open Charms bar etc.Minor quirksThe experience isn't completely perfect though.  Very rarely when switching from speaker to headphones and vice versa, the speaker balance goes out of whack and will be 60/40 or 75/25 and I'll be wondering why one side sounds louder.  I have to open SmartAudio to set it back to 50/50.  Also, the touchpad will stop responding for some reason.  It can be recovered by clicking down on it once or twice somewhere in the middle-left region.  Again, these happen so infrequently, and could just be my machine, that I have not bothered to try to figure out why they happen as it's a quick fix and back to whatever I was doing.

Works well.  As advertized.  Used primarily for travel.  Easily transportable and runs fast.  I would certainly recommend it for anyone.

I loved this laptop its great its small so its portable and it woks really well it never freezes and I like that....

I didn't get it yet but i cant wait to i will be getting it in a couple months my cousin has it and its amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This is an awesome laptop , very well built , very fast. Everything you need in a laptop . The desing is superlative and has a very useful touchscreen to make your work more pleasant . Try to buy this model in black because of the keyboard light , there is more contrast and it is easier to write .You will love this laptop and it's an excellent investment  . The screen resolution is also very good . It looks and perform like my old 1200 dls notebook , much better .

Thank you Amazon! I really love it, the item is as described and it was delivered before the estimated time. Nice color, great design. I do not regret having bought it, also useful for college. Is a very modern computer

Bought it for my niece who is in college, had it on my desk for a full month an tested every bit of it, though some of the parts show the cheap plastic SONY use to put on pretty much every one of its design, this laptop really looks nice and well built, I played full movies right from its multi-format CD/DVD drive, and streamed them form the web without any problem, Didn't find any problem with the WIFI network card as others might have posted before. Bluetooth, web cam, HDMI video output and battery life worked all great.

Outstanding  !!!  I actually bought it for my wife for Christmas. She likes the weight & the raised, & lighted keyboard. So far it navigates very well.

Like the option of using keyboard and screen. Go back and forth on that. Makes my job easier and more fun.

Laptop has everything I wanted and the color pink. I had a Sony before and loved it, hated it when something happened to it but I found another one that had the color pink

The Vaio arrived in good order. Overall, it is a good laptop. It definitely is no MacBook but it gets the job done. I will be expanding the memory to 8gb as soon as I get a chance. Windows 8 takes some getting use to, can be irritating at times... I have not experienced any issues with this computer. No WiFi problems or anything like that.

From the beautiful Pink color to the lighted keys, I just love it!It is light weighted, fast, and has everything I need!  Acid Pro and Sound Forge.  YES!I love the way the keyboard feels.I have bought lots of laptops for my business and for my home.  This is by far my FAVORITE!!!!!Thank you Sony for making this just for me!  :)

The Sony Vaio SVF1421ACXW is a stylish basic notebook at a good price. The notebook is relatively thin and light, and it has excellent vibrant Sony quality colors on the 14 inch 1600x900 screen.  The notebook uses the recently released Intel Pentium 2117U, dual core processor which makes it a great starter notebook, or replacement for someone that does not have high end gaming requirements.  It is about twice the speed of the previous basic low end Dell notebook we bought just a few months ago.  This notebook will handle any normal  web surfing, skyping, video viewing, word processing or other activities an average user would expect to perform.When the notebook boots up for the very first time, the keyboard back lighting is turned on.  When I booted this notebook, because of the bright sunlight from outside, the back lighting made it very hard to read the keys.  I easily fixed that by turning off the keyboard back lighting once the machine was set up, and I have turned it back on again.  I have noticed that the touchpad seems a bit squishy when moving the mouse cursor, and very sensitive as compared to the touchpad on my other computer, a MacBook. I have to be careful when using the touchpad on this notebook, otherwise, because it is sensitive, it wants to send unwanted mouse clicks.  If I could give a 4.5 star, I would due to the touchpad issue; otherwise, the notebook is five star.The notebook does not have a touch screen, which means that it is harder to run Windows 8 Apps, but that does not bother me because I have no plans to run Windows 8 Apps.  When I installed the machine the default setup screens prompted me to create a Login account using my email address and to sign up for the Windows App store.  I declined those choices and instead chose to do a custom setup.  In the custom setup I declined all the Windows App Store services, and I clicked on a button in the lower right of the screen to create a Local Login account, which is the same type of login as on previous Windows releases.Personally, I am not a fan of Windows 8, but immediately after I setup the note book, I found the Desktop tile on the Windows 8 start screen, and clicked into it.  From there I installed an application called Classic Shell, which gives Windows 8  a start button and also makes the Windows 8 behave very similar to Windows 7.  This program hides the Windows 8 tile start screen, brings back the normal windows screen each time the machine boots, and generally makes Windows 8 behave similar to Windows 7.In summary, if you are looking for a good basic notebook such as a first school notebook or perhaps as a gift to someone who is not a teenage video game playing fanatic, this notebook should definitely be considered.  It will not disappoint.

This is a beautifully-designed computer with much of its keypad and numbers to the right in a standard format.I could not be more pleased.  After seriously studying all options and value for the money, I realized that I wanted a lot of memory.  At my age, this is to last me for all I will ever need and I wanted to buy it while I could still get Windows 7.  The 17.3" size gives me options for saving my eyes from strain.  The picture is incredibly beautiful and the speakers do the job.By the way, there was a bit of frustration when it would not recognize HP 8100 Printer.Fortunately I had filed the original driver installation disc and solved the problem.  What do people do who lack this?john morse

The first laptop I've purchased on amazon. Came in 3 biz days, shockingly early (Usually when the estimate says 3-10 biz days it comes in 10!)Toshiba is a great product. After my previous failure laptop (HP Envy) I was worried, but so far so good.

I give this seller and product 5 stars it's everything that was promised and more it came with Windows 7 and has windows 8.1 Pro if you want to upgrade, I wanted the Windows 7 myself. Top grade A+++++

Coming from a troubled Nvidia 8600M GT MacBook Pro - let me say that I was very skeptical buying another Apple Laptop with nVidia chip in it.However, one weekend I decided to visit the nearest Apple Retail Store and check out the newly released models. My decision was mostly influenced by the reduced prices and increased battery life.After some debating over buying the older model for same price or getting the latest one we settled on the newest mid end $1999 model with 2 GPUs. As is common I got a very nice resale price for my older MacBook Pro as it had AppleCare.This generation is an all around improvement over the past generation unless you happen to be using ExpressCard on 15" model that is. In our case we never used the ExpressCard after attempting to use a eSATA card that did not work really well. And we have a few SD Cards that we figure we can easily use.So on to the specific improvements over its predecessor  -1) Battery Life - I was very doubtful that the battery would last any longer than 4 hours at the maximum but was pleasantly surprised to find that for surfing/email type and the occasional CNN/Youtube flash videos getting 6+ hours was quite easy.2) Prices - No doubt prices are the most reasonable Apple laptops have ever had. If you have no need for the dual GPU you can get the $1699 model which comes with a respectable 2.53Ghz Processor, 4GB RAM and a very capable 9400M GPU.3) Operating Temperature - I have owned my share of laptops (Apple and non-Apple) and I have to say this one is the coolest - it never gets too warm and I can use it on my lap all the times - even encoding videos using the HandBrake application did not make it uncomfortably hot. However if I switch it to use the 9600M GPU it gets warmer even on regular use. It also runs very quiet - the fans may be coming on but I never notice.Initially there was a lot of furor over Apple's downgrade of the Serial-ATA interface speed (used to transfer data to and from the hard disk) to 1.5Gbps but Apple quickly restored the speeds to 3Gbps - I do not however notice any difference with the 5400RPM hard disk.About the display - it is gorgeous and colors are vibrant. I had the opportunity to use a calibrated color profile to make it look even better. However I find the display to be a little too much reflective but I am coming from almost always using matte display so I figure it's a matter of getting used to it.Apple's use of Mini DisplayPort is ahead of its time - not many displays support it and so I had to buy a $30 DVI adapter - not a big problem but Apple should at the very least re-start bundling the adapter with the Pro machines. Also, another USB port in lieu of the SD Card Reader would be quite welcome - people can use the SD Card Reader for only SD Cards, but a USB port can be used for SD Cards as well as other peripherals.That said, this generation is overall a very nice improvement - the great battery life itself is enough to convince one to upgrade.[ Edited to add some findings after extensive use ]After using it for a few months, I find a handful of things moderately annoying about this laptop -1) The positioning of USB ports - both USB ports are on one side of the laptop and they are far too closely positioned to use both at once. For example I found I could not attach my Sandisk USB thumb drive and anything else at a time. And I don't have any irregular/unusual devices. They should really go back to having the ports on two sides or at least position them a bit more apart.2) The Lid of the laptop is loose - this was known to me before but I never thought it would become annoying. I don't routinely use the laptop in bed but whenever I do it's annoying.3) The amount of RAM Apple advertises (4GB) is not actually entirely usable - only 3.75GB is. So you lose 256Mb of RAM for the dual GPU.

Update 5/23/2012:Still going strong, using this machine as a primary dev workstation for a full 3 years and 7 months. 3.5 years! Still going strong! I've since upgraded to 8GB RAM (new firmware update secretly enabled this new maximum, which, in my opinion, extends the useful life of the machine for another 2-3 years). Everything else is as normal. I've dropped the machine by accident once or twice, so it has a dent now. But the case held up great and there was no damage! It still looks good as new unless you search for where the dent was (I carefully banged it out with a hammer).My next upgrade will obviously be a new MBP with probably no optical drive (who needs 'em with internet speeds as fast as they are these days?) and hopefully retina display. There's every reason to believe it will be as good as the last, but with more than double the processing power, a faster SSD and the incredible resolution main display. Can't wait!---Update April 2011:Follow up over a year past my original review - I've now owned the machine for 2 years and 5 months (give or take) and it's still going strong as it was on Day 1, if not stronger. I've upgraded the RAM to 6GB (maximum; I originally had 2x2GB=4GB, so I just found a good matched-speed 4GB DIMM to place along the existing 2GB, it works flawlessly). I upgraded the hard disk to 320GB/7200RPM somewhere in there (about to go to 640GB... for the same price as my 320 drive... incredible).2 issues I've had: First, the power adapter slightly broke. Just the little hinge that allows you to wrap up the wire fell off, not a big deal but they replaced it immediately at the Apple store without question. 2nd issue: Battery started bulging, I noticed issues with my track pad not clicking (battery was pressing on it) and the bottom panel eventually wouldn't close. Popped it open and yep, just what I expected, bulgy battery. Apple store once again replaced immediately, no questions asked. (I do have 3 year Apple Care, I'm sure that's a factor, and turns out it was well worth it for the awesome support).Overall this has still been the best computer/piece of tech I've owned thus far; impressed with every aspect of it hands down. I am so glad I invested in the Mac-and yes, I mean invested. It was worth every penny, and based on the fact that over 2 years later, this computer is still keeping up with the latest in performance and intensive usage, the resale value on this machine should contribute very well when I want to upgrade to my next MacBook Pro.By all appearances, the latest MBP's are still the way to go. The Core i7 processors and improved graphics and battery life all within the same sturdy solid aluminum case can't be beat. Highly recommended from 2.5 years of experience.---(Original Review):This machine is without a doubt the best computer, if not the best piece of technology gear, that I have ever used or owned.Going to try to keep this review short, but sweet.I've had it for about 9 months now, basically since the Unibody MBP's came out. First, the construction is just outstanding. The solidness of the enclosure makes the whole thing feel sturdy and basically indestructible. In 9 months, I have treated it like I treat all my equipment - I use it thoroughly without too much concern for cosmetics - and there is not a single scratch or sign of wear on the entire machine. The thing still looks new, after 9 months - that's how durable it is. Incredible.The speed and responsiveness and stability of the computer itself is excellent. I'm a programmer and photographer, so I take it to the max every time I use the computer, and I expect a lot of it. With 4 GB of RAM it's never sluggish and handles everything better than any computer I've ever owned.Graphics and gaming performance is surprisingly good with the 2nd dedicated Nvidia 8600 video card. I dual boot to Windows XP (however reluctantly) and it works great.I don't even need to talk about the software, hopefully you know all about it by now. OSX is truly awesome, especially for programmers. It's so refreshing to have a real operating system where you can pop open a real console and still have a nice graphical interface on top of it. The OS is a matched pair with the quality of the hardware.In short, this is a seriously great machine. I'm no Mac fanboy - I run Windows, Linux, Mac, whatever - but I'm very impressed with the quality and especially the construction and build durability. It's honestly at a level above any other laptop, it's a pretty stunning difference. If it is more expensive, it will make up for it in longevity and resale value alone. Definitely worth it.

I had an older version macbook pro but i dropped it with some force and it broke so i had to purchase a new computer.  After having a mac for 1 1/2 years, it wasn't a question of what brand to buy but which mac to buy.  I purchased the mac book pro 2.66 ghz with 4 gb ram--which is what i had in my last mac book pro.  What i didn't realize is that this ram is the DDR3  instead of DDR2 which means it is suppose to be better and faster.  i'm not a computer geek so i don't understand it all but basically having the 4gb in the old machine was still not as good as the 4 gb in this machine.  Also, this machine has a much, much better track pad that does all kinds of tricks i'm just learning about.  2 finger swipes do one thing, 3 finger swipes do another, 4 finger swipes do yet another.  and then you can also configure it to do the windows type double click think.  The whole pad can be clicked on so you don't have to find a particular spot--anywhere will do.  It does take some getting use to but it is so beneficial it is worth the learning curve.I like the keyboard on this unibody macbook pro as compared to the old one but really don't know why--perhaps it is a perosnal preference.  it is backlighted but so was my old one.tech support at apple is superb, another reason i will never consider anything but apple.  and if you have an apple store near you, you can get one to one personal training for a little less than $2 per week.  in addition, they offer free classes to adults and children.  you learn so much that you are finally able to take advantage of the features your computer can do without being a computer whiz.the new version of the operating system, called snow leopard, will be out sometime in sept.  if you buy a system now with the old version, you can upgrade with apple for $9.95.the graphics card is very good in this machine, however, i am not much of a gamer so i don't really reap the benefits of that.  but it is a dedicated card so it has great potential for those that would utilize it.another awesome thing about this computer is that the bettery last 7 hours or so.  at times, mine has lasted longer.  it depends, i guess on what you are doing.  and, even with the better battery, i think this computer weighs less.if you are debating on whether or not to switch to apple, all i can say is that i am extremely grateful i did and so is everyone else i know that made the switch.  one of the things i like, in addition to the ease of use of programs and the seemless integration is that there are no virus programs to run that slow the computer down tremendously.  in addition, my old mac book pro ran as fast on the last day as the first and i am anticipating the same for this.  unlike my windows laptops that got progressively slower as time went on.  another great thing about apple is the seemless backup of files that it will do automatically for you. you don't have to figure anything out.  jut let it do its job and if you ever lose all of your data, you will have a back up to restore your computer.  That in itself can be worth tons of money. i know you can do this on windows machines, but it takes knowledge and effort--something i never seemed to posses when it came to computers.one thing that i don't like is that the plug is hooked to the computer via a magnet.  it is suppose to be safer so that it will unplug easily if someone snags it. that way it doesn't drag the computer to the floor.  for me, i find it a little annoying because it can become unplugged easily.  minor detail but it is a little irritating.  if i could change one thing it would be that you have an option of which plug you wanted.another thing that is different about the unibody macbook pros is that you can get a 13 inch with a full keyboard if you want.  when i bought my last one, the 13 inch had a weird keyboard and as a typist, i couldn't even consider that size.  i still chose the 15 inch because that is what i wanted, but now i can also purchase a 13 inch for my children rather than buying them the 15 inch.one thing that the mac store employees recommended to me rather than getting a desktop was to get the 13 inch laptop for my kids and use my existing desktop monitor, hook up the lap top, add a keyboard and mouse if desired, and use that as a desktop.  but you could always have the portability of a laptop if you ever needed it.  i haven't done that yet, but that is going to be my next apple purchase.It took me over a year to decide to switch to mac.  It was a very tough decision for me.  change is hard.  i didn't know if i could do everything i wanted on the mac.  i have never regretted it once.  and if you are one of those rare users that has an application that can only be used in windows, you can use the program preloaded on the macbook pro or buy another program so that you can run your application--its like 2 computers in one.  one caution, however, whatever portion of the computer you dedicate to windows is subject to viruses so you will have to run an antivirus on that portion.  for me, i have found no need to use any windows application.  and i even found that i work is much better than ms office in my opinion.  but if you are partial to ms office, you can purchase a mac version.Good luck with your decision and purchase.  if you buy any of these macbook pros, you will be happy.

Apple's latest version of the MacBook Pro combines a sleeker case, more GB of RAM, an SD slot, and longer battery life, all with a lowered price.  The 15"  LED backlit display (available on the previous models as well) is simply gorgeous, with crisp graphics and easy-on-the-eyes clarity.Unlike older models of the MacBook and MacBook Pro, this laptop runs fairly cool, even after hours of using a lot of processor power.  The case, though not as thin as the Air, is slimmer than most (non-Apple) laptops I've seen, with an aluminum case that resists fingerprints better than the old MacBooks.  The keyboard is comfortable, with responsive keys, and is lit from behind with blue light.  The touch pad is a single square, without a visibly separate clicker, although it's there, at the bottom, under the pad, with right and left click functions; navigation using the touch pad and clicker is extremely easy, but most heavy users will want to purchase a separate mouse, as they would with any laptop.The 4 GM RAM is twice what the lower end of the Pros offered previously.  The battery life is now at seven hours.  Naturally, the actual time depends on what you are doing, but the estimate comes pretty close.  The SD slot is a nice touch.  The GEForce NVIDIA integrated graphics has been in the Pros for at least a generation, with generally good reviews, although this newer entry-level Pro no longer has the dedicated graphics chip.  If you want the best Mac graphics, you'll have to purchase one of the more expensive Pros that include the integrated graphics and the NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT chip.  For most people, however, this version is enough.The MacBook Pro comes bundled with the newest iLife Suite, a fantastic set of programs that keep getting better:  iPhoto, iMovie, Garage Band, PhotoBooth, iDVD, etc.  Users of older versions of these programs will be blown away.  This MacBook should come with Snow Leopard, Apple's latest OS X, released in September 2009.  (For more information about Snow Leopard, see Mac OS X version 10.6 Snow Leopard)If you want to occasionally run Windows on this, you'll need to buy a copy of Windows, such as Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition FULL VERSION with SP2 or other version, and a program such as Parallels Desktop 4.0 for Mac or VMware Fusion 2.  Keep in mind that if you plan to run most programs on a Windows platform, you should probably not get a Mac.  Most programs these days will have versions for each platform, but there are exceptions.Students and heavy word-processing/presentation users should consider purchasing Microsoft Office 2008 for Mac Home & Student Edition.The MacBook Pro is a fantastic machine.  The debate between PCs and Macs will continue to rage, even as computers like this Pro win converts.  Consumers who wish a small, budget desktop Mac instead of a laptop should look at the Apple Mac mini MB463LL/A Desktop.NOTE:  This review is for the 15.4 inch MacBook Pro.  Amazon has pooled the reviews for all sizes.  According to another customer, the 17 inch size does not have an SD slot and instead has an Express Card slot.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann

I didn't want to convert over to mac land. As a college teacher and a twelve year windows user, I was a windows convert. I live and work on a windows network of 60 pc's. I tried to find a windows laptop that had good reviews, was relatively light and thin, was made from aluminum and had a battery life of 6 hours. I was unable to find anything that fit those parameters except this macbook.Most of the software I use on a daily basis was windows, so when I bought this mac I also bought Parallels, and a copy of Vista so that I could run vista in a virtual window on my mac. I wasn't about to run out and buy all new software just because I bought a laptop with a goofy operating system.Three months in, to my surprise, I am running most of my software in the mac os. It runs better there. The mac operating system is more reliable than windows. When people used to tell me that, I blew them off, thinking they were just mac fanboys.I'm not a fanboy yet, but I am impressed with this new laptop. I did buy office 2007 for windows so I could use excell on the mac. Yes I know there is a mac version, but I also needed it on my other computer, which is a pc. I have had up to 9 word documents open simultaneously on my mac, in vista with no problems. Occasionally I see some lagging, and, as with any windows application, either office will crash from time to time, or vista will freeze up.The cool thing about this macbook pro is that when windows goes belly up, or appears to be thinking about it, I simply click the mac desktop under vista's virtual window and  open some mac software to carry on working. Windows will either die, or sort itself out as I work in mac land. Windows does not stop me from working as it dies, because it is just a virtual window, and the mac os is always running behind it, ready to go.In three months, I've only seen the mac os crash twice, and both times it was my fault. Once it was when I was trying to sync my blackjack 2 with the mac email software. Windows mobile does not like running in a virtual vista window (via parallels), so I had to find some crossover mac software so I could sync my windows cell phone with my new converted mac address book. That was tricky, and cost $50, but now the two machines (macbook and blackjack 2 cell phone) are on speaking terms.The battery life is as impressive as advertised. I've never timed it to the end, but I do know it went 5 hours one time, and was not out of juice yet. I missed explorer for a while, but once I got used to the mac finder and realized that the mac does have a directory path, I could find my way around. Now I am faster in finder than I am in explorer.I am a power user. I run the adobe creative suite, and frequently have photoshop, indesign, illustrator and dreamweaver open at the same time. Plus I will be running office in vista, with several browers open. The mac has no problem keeping all these software applications running simultaneously. Safari is a cool browser. I like it better than firefox.There are of course a lot of other cool things I could comment on, but others already have. I'm glad I bought a macbook pro, instead of a windows laptop. It's an awesome machine. Yes it costs more, but you get what you pay for and I wanted something that would last a long time.

For those considering upgrading from an older Mac laptop, this new line-up is extremely compelling. My previous model was the PB G4 1.33 15". I replaced it with the new (mid-2009) MB Pro 2.53 a few weeks ago. Benefits noticed so far in order of importance to me...1. Speed. Of course, but this upgrade has gone beyond just reducing frustration to actually noticeably improving efficiency.2. Display. My old display was growing dim. The new LED display is beautiful, bright, and sharp. The reflections are annoying, but less so now than at first and the benefits easily outweigh the disadvantages.3. Battery life. No comparison.  I usually plug in, but the times I've used it off-grid it's run 7 hours.4. Compatibility. Snow Leopard and much other new software will require Intel processors. Also, I occasionally run into a website designed with older, non-standards based software that doesn't work quite right with Mac browsers. Intel Macs can run Crossover, an inexpensive program that will run certain Windows programs like IE 6 & 7 without actually having to install Windows. Of course, if you actually need or want to run Windows programs extensively you can install it on these Macs.5. The new larger, multi-function trackpad, backlighted keyboard, rigid uni-body design, magnetic power cord attachment, built-in SD slot, thinner shape, more powerful speakers, built-in mic & camera, better WiFi reception, more comfortable keyboard, cooler on my lap. Which of these is best? I've used laptops extensively since the PB 150 (1994) and during that time I've kicked 'em all to the floor on multiple occasions. Based on that experience, the magnetic power attachment wins the prize, but I like them all.So, if you've been holding out like I was on upgrading a G4-based Mac laptop, upgrading now may be a smart, value-conscious decision. It was for me.

I have been eyeing Macs for a while now but didn't want to make the switch from PC because I thought it would be really involved. Well my PC finally died so I was forced to do it and I am SOOO glad I did.I have had no problems at all converting my Word and Excel files and using them on my Mac because we downloaded OpenOffice for Mac for free, which recognizes all my files!I also purchased the program Parallels ($80) so I can run Windows (while running my Mac operating system at the same time) for those few programs that are too pricey to repurchase for Mac right now.I am not very computer savvy. I didn't know ANYTHING about Mac when I switched over and I found it the be incredibly intuitive, easy to understand, and addictive!! :) It did help that my husband was a bit familiar and could install Parallels, etc.What I love most is that the programs seem to be made to work with each other. For example when first adding people to my address book, I noticed it automatically added their birthday to icalander. And when I opened an evite in my email I could click once next to the party time and it automatically adds it to my icalander. My camera automatically recognizes my pictures and downloads them to iphoto which organizes them by day and is very easy to use. This goes on and on.For the reviewer that said the edges are sharp & rub his wrists raw....he scared the heck out of me and I almost didn't buy it because of him. Yes the edges are a bit hard but I have never, ever had an issue with this at all. I use it as a laptop and sitting at the desk, in the car, etc. and have had no problems with wrist comfort at all.I highly, highly recommend Mac. The only problems I have are when I am running PC programs. :) Didn't realize how many popups and issues PC has until I don't have ANY AT ALL with the Mac. Simply the most amazing product i have every purchased.

My wife bought this a week back, and I am considering replacing my T61p with this as well. With an Apple, you buy a premium quality product, and pay a little extra for it. But you get what you pay for.Pros:1. Great performance, dual graphics cards should perhaps help. DDR3 RAM rounds off a nice story2. Glossy display is great. We've used it indoors and in front of a window. LOVE the bright colors and contrast3. LED backlight helps reduce the thickness and power consumption. You gotta see to believe how thin this laptop is.4. Sound is nice too. Much deeper than my and her thinkpad. Audio out is also optical digital out. Nice.5. Weight is great. 5.5 lbs. Wife's old 14" Thinkpad was 5.5 pounds. My 15" Thinkpad T61p is a whopping 6.75lb. This Macbook Pro is 5.5lb at 15.4". Thanks Aluminium unibody, great design.6. Need I say its BEAUTIFUL. Thanks Apple Design.7. With Parallels Coherence, Windows and Mac applications nicely integrated. Very useful, because for all general OS X apps, since they're generally vetted by Apple, it all works together nicely.8. Camera is very good quality.I am sure I can think of more pros.Cons:1. Need adapters for VGA/Digital, Firewire :(. $30 each. Ripoff.2. Hard disk upgrade may be difficult down the line (need Apple help). Really?I am sure I'll think of more cons as well as time goes along. But will any sour me from this laptop? Not so sure. Its a pleasure everytime we open the smooth lid and the brilliant screen turns on.Oh I just remembered - I have an Apple laptop lying around from 1999 (Wallstreet) and the display is still brilliant. I've had Dells, Thinkpads, since then, and in 2 years the display yellows...

It is a pleasure to return to a Mac after a 14-year hiatus as a "business person."  As a stay-at-home-mom, with a new Vista laptop I was ready to hurl through the window, it occurred to me, why continue to suffer?Overall, I love this machine.  I can have 4-5 applications open at a time with no slow-down and no crashing (this includes memory-hungry photo and music apps).  Eureka!  I can group photos together and pop them into an email without checking five-gazillion times whether or not they went through, nor having to wade through yet another reboot, praying Vista will *then* have enough RAM to do what I'm asking it to do (yeah, I had 1G RAM on the Vista laptop - pathetic).  And BEST of all, as a busy Mom, I can shut the lid, putting the machine to sleep MULTIPLE times (I mean, around 20??) and not have it hang, crash or slow down.  Fellow Mom's of two-year-olds know: if you have 30 seconds to do something, that's all you have.  If your machine doesn't do what you ask of it in that time, Grandma doesn't get her photos, husband doesn't get his Amazon order, bill doesn't get paid, etc., etc., etc.  This machine virtually NEVER lets me down.  Hallelujah!There are some minor annoyances:--Firefox crashes a bit.  The underlying Mac OS never does, but I do have to relaunch Firefox a surprising number of times.  Not true of Safari, but there are a few antiquated bill-paying sites that do not play well w/ Safari, so I have to go to Firefox (Macy's charge??  Hello!).--I love the track pad and dislike it too.  Scrolling and zooming are super cool, but I am constantly accidentally doing things I do not intend.  Probably user error?  But physical documentation is slim unless you want to wade through the Apple sight (I have no time for this).  And I CANNOT consistently master the PC equivalent of right-clicking.  Very frustrating.--THough I feel stupid writing this, the Mac's delete key only works when cursor is in front of what you want to delete:  i.e., like a PC's Backspace key.  What is the Mac equivelent of a PC's delete key?  I.e., put the cursor in front of text, and "pull" text in front of cursor backwards into oblivion.  This drives me nuts.UPDATE:  PC "delete" key = Mac "function" (fn) key + "delete" key (Hold down the function key and press or hold delete key at the same time).--Pages (Mac equiv. of Word) and Numbers (Mac equiv. of Excel) have really "pretty" document templates that are way sexier, but the apps themselves are clumsy, counter-intuitive and difficult to use (I couldn't BELIEVE what I had to do to set the print area in Numbers, for example, nor how long it took me to find the solution in help).  Pretty lame, esp. as I paid extra for these, and now plan to partition my drive with Bootcamp to run Windows on the side for Excel and Word.  This is rectifiable with the work-around, however.--Compatbility issues with silly/cheap USB devices you wouldn't expect:  my daughter's Elmo phone, my digital photo frame, etc.  Have to wait until I can use my husband's PC.  That said, stupid Vista wouldn't recognize my 2003 digital Cannon Powershot 45 camera, and my Mac zipped my photos right into iPhoto without me doing anything except plugging it in!  NICE.  Also, Mac recognized my 2001 HP printer with no problems and automatically had/used a simple driver which prints just fine.  SHOCKING to a Windows veteran.--Changing default print preferences is so counter-intuitive I cannot believe it is an Apple process (PC equiv. is Start, Control Panel, Printers...).Otherwise, no major problems.  Some things are different/frustrating, but the pros FAR outweigh the cons.  And I figure, when my daughter turns three, maybe I'll finally be able to read the manual online!  lol

Holy frijole!! This computer is by far the most amazing device I've ever owned.  I have been a PC user for 18 years, and have recorded full albums professionally on Cubase and Nuendo for years and sworn off the enemy, known as the "Apple Empire".  Well, no more.Apple has finally addressed all the shortcomings of the PC-MAC transition, and you'll wonder why you spent all that time messing around with your custom built Fry's PC and all that Windows drama.There is something to be said about a company that controls the hardware and software production line.  Say what you will, but Apple has built a company that is answering all the dreams of technology and innovation and certainly raising the bar for competition.Best built laptop money can buy, period. Best customer service, best looking, easiest most user intuitive OS.Spend your time being productive instead of tweaking registries and trying to find stuff on your 'puter.MB986LL/A2.8ghz, 4g ram, 500gb15.4"8 hour batterySD slot

I switched to Mac about 5 years ago and I have used several macs (Powerbook G4 1.66 GHz, Mac Mini 2.0 GHz, Macbook pro 2.5 GHz (pre-unibody), unibody Macbook pro 2.66 GHz). I manually upgraded the MBP with Seagate Momentus 7200 rpm (non AntiShock version) 500GB and it has been great so far. The unibody model seems to have significantly better build quality compared to previous versions and the larger trackpad is a joy to use.I compared the system response speed with the default 5200 rpm and 7200 rpm hard disk and found that 7200 rpm HDD significantly improves the performance of this machine. I hear that solid state drives provide even better results so if you can afford it, you may want to consider the SSD option. For 7200 rpm HDDs, make sure that you don't purchase a anti shock enabled HDDs (in Seagate's case, this would be the G models) for there are ample of stories how the HDD anti shock technology is conflicting with Apple's sudden motion sensor.The look of the laptop is gorgeous and everything is beautifully built (inside, outside). On top of that, it runs Mac OS X ;-)This is the best laptop I ever owned.pros: Uses Mac OS X, solid build quality, very good battery life, 4GB memory by defaultcons: need to purchase mini display port - DVI, VGA adapters separately, smudge on the display from the keyboard, trackpad not aligned in the middle with respect to the spacebar

Put me in the column of rabid Windows defenders who discovered the new MAC OS and the new Macbook Pro 15.4" laptop. For more than 30 years, after my first Apple-2 experience, I swore that I would never have another Apple computer.In short, with my Windows-based PC, every time I went to use it to edit photos, make a music mix, copy some home video to DVD: I would have to download and install a bunch of updates, then reboot, then try to figure out what they meant when they said my simple little program won't work because of "giffelflexbot.dll not found." Once I found and fixed a problem, Microsoft would then demand that I re-register my operating system or it would stop working altogether.I was beginning to stabilize my Windows XP SP3 system -- until Microsoft announced that they would no longer support that system. So, I had just upgraded to Windows Vista when Microsoft announced that I will now need Windows 7. Oh yeah, and the Vista system wanted me to buy a whole slew of new peripherals.Shopping for a the newest Intel-based PC, I came across the Macbook Pro systems. The looks and the features, plus the Intel-based board, made me go ahead and spend $1,699 in the hopes that the MAC would outperform my old machine.I've been using this Macbook Pro 15 for five months now, and the best comment I can offer to skeptics is that IT DOES NOT CRASH! No more blue-screens-of-death. When something does go wrong, the Snow Leopard system finds a way to FIX the problem and get me back on track in a matter of minutes.At the same time I bought my Macbook Pro for myself, I bought a high-end PC-based Dell laptop for my wife. She complains about all the common Windows problems a lot, and I still have to fix them. I actually had to dumb the Dell Vista system down to 32-bit so her apps will work. Clearly, her next laptop is going to be a Macbook.Sure, I love the LED display, and I love the backlit keyboard. And of course I'm a bit perplexed that I have to buy some new cables to use the Firewire 800 and mini-display ports. I'd think for a $1,699 laptop that Apple would supply a few odd cables to make buyers happier.I can't believe my laptop didn't crash, and didn't have any encounters with internet viruses and trojan horses, while I wrote this review.Again I say, THE MACBOOK PRO DOES NOT CRASH!

In short, this new apple laptop gives ultimate performace while delivering a model of aesthetic beauty. I am perhaps guilty of drinking the kool-aid, but one drive on this machine will turn most as it has with me.  Those who want the finest operating system, which is very easy to use as it is completely intuitive, can use the snow leopard installed, and those who want to use another product can use either bootcamp to boot natively, or use an emulation program to run windows in another window. Everything on this machine works seamlessly and easily.  Where I once spent hours installing drivers, connecting to routers after being dropped, or trying to share files, this laptop did without requiring any mental anguish on my part.  For that Apple, I salute you.

This is by far the best computer that i have EVER owned, and i have owned over 10 different computers. The quality is unsurpassable, and it is clear that you are getting the most for your money.Prior to this Mac, i had had PCs, and thought that i would never want a Mac, ever. Some of my reasons were 'oh it's too expensive,' and 'you're just paying for the brand'Both of these were proven untrue once i was gifted this amazing computer. You are not paying for the brand, you are paying for top-of-the-line technology, and an environmentally sound, as well as functionally sound computer.This computer has literally changed my outlook of all computers. and i wish that EVERYONE who is an active computer user was able to have this wonderful, amazing, stylish, sleek computer.

bought it for a good price, already had word programs installed. would recommend for anyone looking for a quality laptop

The laptop arrived quickly, was well packaged, and was exactly as described. (like new)  the computer works like you would expect an Apple to.  It was quick and easy to set up, and we were able to transfer all our software and applications wirelessly from our imac.

love my laptop. it did not come with all of the software that the seller said would be included but i was able to obtain it by other means but the laptop itself was definitely a good buy.  i am now a mac fan

I bought my MacBook pro 15.4 11 months ago after owning 12-15 laptops and my last one being an Hp pavilion tx 1030 which gave me a lot of trouble and finally literally died just 2 weeks after my warranty expired.  At first the price of the macbook pro seemed a bit high but after 11 months of use I know where the extra money went:1.My macbook is as fast as the day I bought it.  I installed parallels to run windows side by side and this has not affected the overall system performance. Programs run fast and efficiently.2. My MacBook's battery performance is practically the same as a year ago.  I use it everyday and it runs on battery power for 4-5 hours. Resume/suspend work without a glitch. It also works without overheating on battery or plugged to power.3. Mac OS is everything they advertise.  I had no prior experience using it and was concerned about switching to mac osx and having to climb a steep learning curve.  By using the video tutorials provided at the apple website the migration from windows to mac was flawless (I still run windows, thru Paralells Desktop, because I still own a few windows-only applications).4.There's virtually a mac osx equivalent for most Windows based software and if you're technically inclined, Mac osx provides the necessary tools to build any additional software you need from repositories like Darwin and Fink. For example, I could not find an equivalent for putty, search the Darwin repositories and built it following some simple command line instructions.Hope this describes my experience with this amazing product.

I will put this simple:  This is the fastest, most reliable, most durable, sharpest looking, easiest to use, unlimited featured (run any OS together), laptop you can buy with the most reliable, fastest, best looking, safest, easiest to use and actually works operating system on the market today.  Forget frankenstien PC's that die in a few months, Apple makes the best computers bar none.

Pros:First real mac, now I'm a believer.  Solid all around. Amazing keyboard, quick boot. Always owned windows, but takes but a minute or two to get used to different shortcuts (command instead of control how hard is that?), software install.  You can customize the little annoyances of OSX eg Right Zoom.  Can install Windows on it if you  must.  I'm good with computers, but who hasn't gone into the windows programs folder and found 50 different programs to burn a disk?  The programs that come with OSX all work together, and that's a part of the charm, and for the most part they rock!Cons:1.Cost2.Had a logic board go bad 7 months in.  Had to replace a stick of ram 9 months in.  Needless to say i'll be getting applecare. I'm never mobile (CPU moves mostly just around the house) So i was surprised to have problems, but some do, some don't.  I don't think it's a build quality issue. And since Time machine is a lifesaver, and if you have an apple store nearby the techs are great, so i didn't ding it a star.  But $350 is alot of $ for applecare (25% of the cost of the unit itself).

Seller was offering a good price, and I ordered my Macbook Pro-15.  Seven days later, UPS dropped off my computer.  When I opened the package and removed the computer, I was dissappointed to see a 1" long dent on both the top and bottom of the aluminum case!  Returned it to J&R;, and ordered a replacement.  After a day or two, I was informed that the replacement unit wasn't in-stock, and I elected to get my money back.  Amazon promptly returned my money, and was kind enough to give me a few bucks as an incentive to continue doing business.  I took that money, and bought a Moshi Card Reader and Silicon skin cover for the Macbook Pro 15 that I just bought from my local Apple Store!  Amazon? (top notch)  J&R;? (they have a couple issues they need to address, and should of double-boxed the computer).

I purchased this computer for my daughter to use for school. It replaced a MacBook from 2006, the older computer was still working fine, and we were able to sell that one to partially defray the cost of this new one. I have purchased many Mac portable computers over the last 15 years, and this one is the best one yet. My overriding review comment is that I have had no troubles with my Mac laptops (or desktops, for that matter) over the years, and I always look forward to replacing old devices with the latest that Apple has to offer. Exceedingly high quality, reliable and trouble free.

Apple is at the top of its game.  The MacBook Pro is simply the best laptop I have ever owned.  I recommend it without reservation.

I like this computer still learning how to use properly some of the features garage band particularly useful since I'm learnig to play guitar also the interface between screens and the speech function are brilliant I got this because after 3 years of using the iPhone and many toshiba satellite I decided to give it a try I still belive it to b overpriced however when you put into the equation the fact that your computer doesn't freeze or get viruses ... That does it for me I like the video editing software too  and the fact that I can sync several email accounts in one folder overall stilish etc a good buy on amazon specially because  what the" Genious" in the store never tells you is that you can save the tax by ordering here in addition if you chooseto buy the protection plan wich I never do you can get it cheaper in amazon too

I have been using Windows for 13 years now and I have been happy for a while. I built many Windows computers and even my current one (quad core, 8gb Ram) and used Windows Vista Premium 64x. Windows is a very good operating system, it is functional (despite what some say, Vista worked great after SP1) but it uses its resources terribly.With that said, this laptop is amazing. The screen is larger and so beautiful (using LEDs makes it very efficient as well). The backlite keyboard and the laptop in general oozes sexyness. But some may comment on the hardware included with it (small HDD, 4gb ran, nvidia 9400m) and they can get a really kick-ass windows computer for the same if not less more. Though if you think performance will be better, it won't. Mac OSX 10.6 uses the hardware provided and runs QUICKER than my Windows PC mentioned above. The laptop itself is thin and lite but is made of aluminum so it is durable. Speakers are great for a laptop and the battery life is 7 hours+ with some dimming. Only problem I have is i cannot connect my networked printer, but I am working on that.Mac OSX 10.6 is a very stable, quick, sleek, fun operating system. The laptop comes with all you need to get started, just make sure you run the updating software ect. I thought I was going to have a hell of a time adapting to it, but I did so in less than two days. If your looking at this for a laptop GET IT. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.

This is my first Apple computer, and I was looking for exactly what I received.  This seller was perfect, about getting the product out to me in a speedy manner, replying to my initial contact with questions. The only hiccup was the shipping company that delivered the product to my door, FedEx was at fault with that.The product came exactly as described, and runs better than any Windows product.

The 15-inch MacBook Pro has performed perfectly so far. It boots up and shuts down faster than any computer I've ever owned, including my previous computer, a 13-inch MacBook Pro. Although the greater size makes the computer less conveniently portable, the increased RAM and solid state hard drive make the upgrade worthwhile.Tip for laptop users: When carrying your computer around, don't just leave it in "Sleep" mode - shut it down all the way. This will increase the life expectancy of your machine.

got a premium product for a great price. Thank you so much. there was only one small dent and that is no big deal. made sure to try it out and it works great. Thank you.

I am very happy with this new mac.  It is allot more stylish than the older version and more comfortable to work with.

had this computer for a year and it was the best computer i ever owned..

I couldn't be happier with the laptop and the customer service from the seller was outstanding.

Well. Compared to my previous MacBook Pro (2.0 GHz Intel Core Duo - 1 GB RAM), this one is extremely brilliant in terms of design, speed and value. I've been using it for 2 weeks now, and I can safely and easily say that this laptop is the best device for students, especially with these standard configuration I've chosen. By that, I mean the processing is faster, usage of RAM is good and also opening of most of the applications seems much faster; this can help school/college students to edit, write or design whatever they want comfortably. But there's some bad thing that I've noticed, which is not Apple fault, the DEAD PIXEL; the screen still got this old annoying problem. Apart from that, this MacBook Pro is highly recommended for both "professionals" and students.

For anyone looking for a new computer you should really look into the mac pro.

This was a great laptop - I liked it so much I sent it back!  Why? Because the new and improved models came out for about the same price and 50% faster! Now I just wish Amazon would help me out by discounting the re-stocking fee since I am essentially upgrading!Apple MacBook Pro MC373LL/A 15.4-Inch Laptop

Great product, I actually sent this back for the new I-7 MacBook but would've kept it had it not been for the upgrade. I've been using Apple products for years and wasn't disappointed, just wanted the performance upgrade.

I really cant be neutral when it comes to qualifying a mac. I just think it's the best

I bough my first Mac computer not only do I love it its so easy to use.  Love everything about this computer so far.  Looking forward to the upgrade of the OS to snowleopard.

That the doctor has registered that )marvelously balanced product,very much is pleasant(special thanx an apple)

Excellent product.  it is my fourth one and 9th one for my business.  Won't be the last.  The delivery, however, was disappointing.  The delivery service had a problem near their depot which delayed and rerouted some of their trucks.  They did not update their tracking website for 4 days and when they did it was 6 hours behind.  Sending e-mails to their HQ resulted in completely unhelpful replies.  Amazon should drop them and go with some other service.

<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wrefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WhiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wrefresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso;	   


function cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.write("cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0W', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0W';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0W', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0W";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "181-8060614-9486469";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m1CD8XEQTMMNHS";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m1CD8XEQTMMNHS";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R2UCH6XJCWY8FF";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m1CD8XEQTMMNHS/181-8060614-9486469";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/181-8060614-9486469";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0W', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WnewHeight(h);

  cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wso.write("cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wflashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WRollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WRollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71f-4aEjkOS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wpreplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WpreplayImageId');
if (cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wpreplay) {
  cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wpreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71f-4aEjkOS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wpreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71f-4aEjkOS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0Wpreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html/ref=cm_ciu_vr_mo1Q843TO8XAK0W/181-8060614-9486469?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WcurrentClick) {
      return cv_mo1Q843TO8XAK0WcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 0:47 MinsSome tips for your next buy...

As description says "Sleek new design you can't take your eyes off of" it's a great well made laptop and I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a great deal($549.99).

I love my little machine.  It is eveything it was promised to be and more.  The only Con and it is a very little one is that the screen i a little wobbly since it can be turned around to show someone in front of you and you can lay it down like a tablet but it is such a little thing I cannot say it is much of a bother.

I have nothing to say other than the fact that it works perfectly. Easy to manage and not hard to navigate. Definitely did Not waste my money.

It makes me satisfy and happy. I liked it cuz it's very nice working out. Very neat and more comfortable. Wonderful.

I was very impressed when I pulled this out of the box, the brush chrome look look was very nice and it was a lot slimmer than my previous model Inspiron, this is a well built laptop. After firing it up, running all of the Windows Updates (Including Windows 8.1 update) and then manually removing all of the bloatware it runs like a champ. Very good deal for the price.

great computer, bought it for home use, works great got here faster than expected. my husband is going to buy himself one

Just bought this laptop and wanted to post a few thoughts that I've had since opening the box a few hours ago.1. This is the first computer that I've owned that didn't ship FULL of crapware. This thing is meant for businesses so it was thankfully clear of all of the "free" games and junk that you usually get on a new computer.2. The quickweb feature is pretty slick. Boots to a functional browser and skype, as well as a number of widgets within about 10 seconds. I was surprised by the capability of the browser available in that mode.3. It's pretty zippy, even though the RAM isn't maxed out right out of the box. I purchased a 4 GB chip to add to the computer but as of right now I don't think it strictly NEEDS it to run quite nicely.4. The quality of the webcam is pretty damn good. Tried it out in the quickweb skype app and had no complaints.

I love HP laptops and this one is really good.  It is constructed with a stainless backed screen, making it very durable.  Runs programs and videos great.

Absolutely love this model and the operating system of Windows 7 (can't stand Windows 8)Well built machine.  My local techs were able to fix my first model and all I lost was some un-backed up data from a month ago

this product is worth every dollar i dont regret buying it at all.works well as described on the site and so far so good.

Excellent computer so far, It's running on windows 8 which is new to me. this is my first laptop and I love it. Delivery was stress free

This laptop has really stable and safe system and it works really fast. The looking of the product is also pretty cool!!

Purchased this for my granddaughter and she is quite pleases with it.  She has had no complaints and has logged quite a bit of time on it.

This is actually the second one I have purchased  (this one for my granddaughter)  but and it appears to bejust as good as the first one I bought for myself a year ago.I think  HP  has a great product here for the money and would recommend to all.

I bought this laptop for my daughter.  She "reports" back that it is working great and able to handle all of her school work tasks. She likes the combination of a larger screen AND being lighter in weight than similar products.  I give it an "A"

I really love this laptop and actually cried when I broke it, yes it was my fault not the laptop. It worked well given its price and screen was clear and took a beating

this laptop is a graet machine have all that I want is fast, economic and excelent brand I recomended this laptop

The laptop works well for my needs - Windows 8 different takes a little time to get us to but would def recomend to other.

Received the laptop earlier than estimated. Arrived in excellent condition no issues. The satin black is a nice finish and doesn't show fingerprints. It is working great and meets expectations. What more can you say.

The computer meets all my requirements. I spent 10 minutes with Windows 8 before putting Ubuntu on it. The computer it self is wonderful. Runs 12.10 like it was many for it.

excellent laptop at a great price.  windows 8 very easy to work with.I bought it for my daughter and she is very happy with it

i like everything about this laptop. i would like to have it as my own. Can someone reserve it for me?

I bought this for my girlfriend it's a gift for Christmas, and before it arrived she happen to mention to me in conversation that she does not want a laptop. So quickly I hit the returned item button and the seller turned it around midship with no questions asked. They were great, with excellent customer service and I would purchase from them again and again and plan to in the future when I replace my laptop.

start fast and stay fast. Love the windows 8 by the way. Best windows yet. Definitely recommend it for anyone.

Love the mobility, speed and battery life.Also - excellent resolution and crystal clear screen. Great machine for having around the house, best machine if you travel at all.

I recently purchased the Toshiba L675D-S7052 laptop for my daughter to use in college. After reading some reviews I was a bit nervous, but went ahead anyway.I am not disappointed with this purchase. In fact, I'm quite pleased.I have a lot of confidence in Toshiba Satellite laptops. I started off with a Compaq, years ago. It was nothing but trouble. When I replaced it, I purchased a Toshiba Satellite. I have stuck with Toshiba ever since. I have found that they are a hardly piece of equipment that just keeps going...and going...and going.One of the things that concerned me, with some reviews, was the claim that this laptop is flimsy, bendable and liable to all sorts of bad things. I have not found that to be the case whatsoever. This laptop is nicely protected and is made out of a decent, sturdy material. It appears it can take a beating - bouncing around in someone's car and backpack. I'm both comfortable and confident giving this to a teenager.I am a fan of AMD processors. In my experience, I have grown to prefer them over Intel processors. This Phenom II - Dual core processor appears to have plenty of power and speed. One thing my daughter requested, was that she could play games on it. She made me promise her. Guess what? This little laptop does just fine.I am not too happy with the fact that this Windows 7 (64bit) version regularly sucks up 1.2 gigs of RAM just to operate. But then again, it comes with 4 gigs of RAM and is upgradable to 8.  If I decide to add more RAM, it will take me all of one minute to install it.One of my main concerns was with the number of USB ports. Many of the new laptop models only have two. That made me nervous for a couple of reasons. One, laptops get hot, so we're going to need to plug in a cooling pad. Two, some external hard drives require two USB slots to power themselves. Three, beside the other two...where is she going to plug in her mouse?I didn't need to worry. I sat the laptop on the kitchen table all day long as I updated Windows, installed software and tested out the system. After sitting on the table without a cooling pad for 8 hours, i picked up the thing and it was still cool. I mean...really cool. My personal laptop gets so hot you need a cooling pad. After running hard for 8 hours, this little unit felt like it was still sitting at room temperature. This is nice.It is also my understanding, correct me if I am wrong, but the newer external hard drives are back down to one slot. However, even if I am wrong, we still have three to play with. So, if it takes two to run an external hard drive, we still have another slot for a mouse.Here is a nice feature: Ever had trouble with a laptop when you are typing and the cursor moves all over the place because of the pressure on the keyboard? I have experience this with IBM, HP, Compaq and Toshiba units in the past. However, on this unit...just below the space bar...there is a tiny button that can disable the built in mouse pad. When you want to use it again, just press the button and it starts working again. Nice!Only thing I didn't like very much, was that the keys seem to show fingerprints easily. However, they are easily wiped off.The 17 inch screen is beautiful.I am very pleased with this purchase.Awesomeness: Price, screen size, hard drive size, low heat, thinWhine Factor: No Blu-Ray, no Bluetooth

This lap top is the BEST it works the BEST I can not ask no better I have check at All Lap Top in stores This Lap Top Best.

Windows 8.1 is not as user friendly as Win xp or 7 are. plenty of power and video quality is outstanding. Most annoying is the round-about way to get to your desktop. The touch pad must be adjusted to not have unwanted functions open without your calling for it to open.

I am a writer, and quite often I leave my machine on, to just crawl into bed.  The Pavilion I had that this one replaced was from the DV series.  You know the ones that have the over heat problem.  Well this one has been on since I opened the box, and plugged it in.  Not a hot spot anywhere.  I do believe this laptop, and I will get along just fine.  I am very happy I purchased it.  My son ordered the last one I had, which I only had a few short months.  So far so good with this one.

I was using a dell vostro 1500 which was not bad but I needed an upgrade that I can also game on without spending 1,000 dollars. This is my best purchase off of amazon so far and I have ordered a lot, It came in refurbished packaging and this thing is perfect no scratches or dents, I have not had a problem with playing any game that I have desired to play and windows 8 really is not as bad as people say. I would have to say that the only con is that this laptop is kinda flimsy but if you are not dropping it without a case then you are all good.

Its came on time great package my girls are happy now with there new computerHaving fun playing games and moreThank You

My daughter had a new HP 14-b015dx and I was able to get this at a good price so I gave it to her and took her HP for my self. All I have hear is (awesome, slamming etc.) This machine for the price is a great buy.

This product is great!I love the laptop. It's small and super light weight. The web camera is really good. The laptop is very fast. The design is awesome!The only downside for me is that it lacks a DVD/CD drive but the laptop is small and it already has so many features it's understandable. xDGreat buy totally worth the price!

I really like this netbook. Though it is much heavier than what I prefer, It works ok, is fast and has a very smooth feel. Doesn't have a DVD drive but you can buy an external DVD player and you're good to go. :) Worth the price.

I purchased the HP Pavilion dm1-4210us 11.6-Inch Laptop to use while traveling. My HP Pavilion p6-2108p Desktop remains my primary PC and I also consider the dm1-4210us to be a back-up to it because it has a 500GB HD. The HP dm1-4210us is a very nice little laptop; I wanted something small enough to watch my own movies/listen to my music on a plane or in a hotel, light and easy to carry and good to check e-mail. This laptop fits the bill. My most serious complaint is the built-in speakers. The HP BEATS audio hype led me to expect some pretty good sound but these speakers are just too small to deliver. I guess that's why they sell the BEATS headphones. I'm going to make do with some headphones and a set of portable speakers. I also wish manuals were included in the box; I don't like printing out 40+ pages at home. Other than that, I am still trying to figure out my battery life. Initially, the indicators said I had about 4 hrs of battery life, considerably short of the 7 advertised and my expectations of 5-6 hrs. Today I found I had over 5 hrs of battery life indicated, more in line with what I expect. The touchpad is a bit tricky but not a problem after a short while. I did buy a wireless mouse to use when space permits but I'll be OK without it. I'm really happy with my HP Pavilion dm1-4210us and can highly recommend it.ADDITIONAL THOUGHTS 2 MONTHS IN: I'm still happy with my purchase but concerns about speed have cropped up. The dm-1 was taking a while to boot up until I got ruthless about start-up programs. It can also be slow responding while web-surfing if too many background programs are running. A key to this laptop is getting it set-up properly. The HP external speakers make a big difference in the sound quality. I really like the HDMI output to put my movies on my 32" TV.

I have an earlier model with the E-350 and just recently bought my wife this model (with the E2-1800) because we really like the weight and form factor. It's surprising how HP will shoot itself in the foot putting so much bloatware. After a couple upgrades, new SSD, 8 GB (1333 mhz) of memory, Windows 8, this machine boots up in less than 20 seconds. Surfing and Microsoft Office are both pretty zippy. Watching movies is not a problem either. Plus, the VGA and HDMI ports allow dual screen monitoring, which was important to us and a reason why we did not go for an ultrabook. Plus, I did not want to pay the premium having an Intel chip. Compared to my quad-core desktop, what this machine can handle, especially at this price, is very impressive.

Usually I write long, profusely technical reviews.This is short (busy today).I love the whole DM1Z series and was one of the first adopters a year ago, got a new model a week ago - DM1Z-4200 Customized.Here you see a ship-ready (preconfigured model) but its basis is same as for my customized DM1Z (I selected E2-1800 processor instead of stock 1200).Immediatelly I removed Harddrive & replaced with Crucial SSD, sold HDD (note: HDD is 5400 rpm speed, unlike my HP Elitebook's whose HDD is 7200rpm also coupled with SSD except it's Intel-branded).I paid $30 more for a custom config.People who waste money on MacbookAir need a life - that product is so much about appearance & hype than function, likewise iPhone fad is a fad - Motorola Atrix and Samsung galaxy beat iPhone into the dust.But I am a dry technical professional so I don't represent teenagers, kids of housewives who think anything made by Apple is "good".This HP is a dirt-cheap superNetbook or subNotebook whcihever term is preferred."super" is because it is NOT based on Intel-Atom, but is based on much better (for Netbooks only) E2-1800 processor which offers discrete-class Videocard, this little tiny supernetbook has video capability of a full blown midrange laptop.While I do serious work on HP Elitebook - that machine costs like a used car ($2K), requires ACpower (it eats battery in 4 or some hours due to crazy hi-end video), it has nVidia, weighs and sizes like a mobile workstation.  That's fine.  BUT for travel and fun computing on the go - I got this DM1Z.Sometimes I feel weird because some days even prefer using this DM1Z instead of a powerful Elitebook which sits at home.DM1Z will run for 8-11 hours depending on how good you are with power management settings & wireless & video use, which far better than MacbookAir which is using Intel core i3/i5 processors - more suitable for fullsized laptop than ultraportable laptop or netbook which is what MacboorAir or HP DM1Z are.  Macbook air will die in 5-7 hours, and IF YOU NEED Intel core i3/i5 processing power - I just had a thought, why not get a normal laptop then?  Netbook is supposed to be optimized for portability, weight, batterylife and connectivity; in this case DM1Z is also optimized for imporessive Video card rivaling many normal-sized laptops.  I run even Adobe Photooshop, YouTube, etc and all this multitasking is tolerable, not same experience as on HP EliteBook but still UNEXPECTEDLY good for a $400 netbook!E.g. I set brightness to minimum.Also I applied antiglare film to mimick HP Elitebook & other PROFESSIONAL displays which are always Antiglare, unlike consumer cheap type which is glossy to attract fools.Not having an option for antiglare screen is my only complaint but really - film costs $10-15 (HiDef version) and no big deal, besides many people aren't using it for business like myself and actually prefer glossy/glare screen.P.S. Changing TN LCD to IPS type LCD would increase laptop price by $50 or so, and as a side note to HP's management:I WOULD PAY FOR IT if it were availableIPS is a must for professional graphics work (e.g. CAD, photography).

I've had my dm1 for about two weeks, and I'm very happy with it. The size is nice, for me -- just big enough while still being portable. The screen looks great, and I love the keyboard with the "island" keys rather than "chicklet" keys. It's quiet and comfortable to type on. My computing needs involve no games and little video-streaming, so I don't need a highly-powered machine. Still, this is more than powerful enough, especially considering the low price.I work from home as a writer, and I use this laptop all over the house. I also bring it with me to the library when I need a change of scenery. I do quite a bit of internet research, and this computer handles lots of open windows and open docs with no problems. Sometimes I listen to music at the same time. Most important to me are comfort, ease of use, responsiveness considering the work I'm doing, big memory for numerous large writing projects, and aesthetics. On all those counts, this machine more than meets my needs.One complaint would be about the internal WiFi networking device. It's very slow, at most 78 Mbps. I have an external netis dongle I stick in one of the USB ports, and then I get 160 Mbps. I'll probably buy one of those tiny mini-dongles and leave it installed in a USB port. When I'm close to my router at home, I plug in an ethernet wire, and I get 1Gbps.Overall, I'm extremely happy with my HP Pavilion dm1!

This little laptop has all the features I need with a low price tag. Goods: Speakers, web cam, head phone, micro phone jack. Bads: clanky keyboard, small display

This product is a fantastic value for the price. Good hard drive storage and processor speed with plenty of RAM. Worked out of the box with no problems. Easy internet access and setup. WLAN connections a breeze. Very long battery life, easily over 6 hours based on regular internet access, searches and e-mail. Have not used the laptop for games but video streaming capability good and audio quality surprising for such a small form factor.

for the price it is hard to find anything better...Funciona super bien. Es amigable y por el precio no encontraras otra mejor...

This laptop seems to be the ideal size from a portability and functionality standpoint. A concern I had before purchasing was whether the volume would be sufficient from the speakers. It is!

This is a wonderful choice for an easily transportable laptop, and it is more useful than a similarly priced tablet.

As always Asus does it again. This is so amazing. I would recommend this company to buy it from and as the product is always the best and the warranty can not be matched or beat. It doubles, its a laptop, no wait, its a tablet, no wait, its both. It is a must for business oriented or trainers or for just using it daily use. It covers everyone. Did I mention. I love Asus. It is very fast. Easily connect via Wi-Fi or with the included Ethernet connector. Running windows 8. Two partitions which are extremely hard to even fill up one. Included also is the mini hdmi to hdmi. The included touch pen doubles as a two button mouse. Two year warranty is excellent. The first year anything accidental is covered(liquid, shock, fire or drops). The second year is the normal parts and labor being covered. There is so many things that are truly amazing with this product that I would run out of room if I continue I will run out of space. All I can say is buy it. You will not regret it.

The Lenovo G505 is a decent laptop, depending on what you are going to use it for. I love the easy type keyboard, it has a one button recovery, which may come in handy when I need to set it back to factory settings. It has an SD card slot and supports an HDMI cable. This model has the Radeon graphics card, the graphics are wonderful, even set at the lowest quality. I use it to play World of Warcraft and it does fine. After hours of play it doesn't run hot.  When the servers are busy and I begin to lag, I lower the graphics settings and I still enjoy a good gaming experience.  If your a serious gamer that plans to play various games I would suggest to spend a little more money and get something with a faster processor and maybe a little more RAM. Lenovo is an innovative company and will be first choice when it's time to upgrade my family's computers...Loving my Lenovo

I have to say after reading ALL the negative reviews about this laptop having issues with Wi-Fi & CPU problems I was doubting myself if I should get this laptop but after a few days with it my doubts are erased.This is a GREAT laptop. Sure, You have to get used to Windows 8 but once you get the hang of it it's all a breeze.The AMD 1.4 Quad core processor and the 4GB of RAM makes everything you do snappy and lag free.It uses a regular HDMI cable so I connected it on my 60 inch TV and the picture is flawless.The Wi-Fi on this laptop is amazing.It can play games as well, anything from 2010 and later years will play smoothly.Remember it's not like this has an Intel i7 Core...For basic gaming, browsing, video chatting & multimedia this is a MUST buy.

I trust the Lenovo name.  Have never had a problem with anything Lenovo and this is exactly what I was looking for.

My mother was in critical need of a tough, resourceful laptop that would not break so easily to accidents for her.

My better half loves this computer. Not the most powerful not the fastest but it works for her. great value for a single processor and 4gb ram.

great excellentit's word so good,the battery is good tooim happy to get ithave windonw 8only 1 ghz

Great laptop for anyone I bought this for my 15 year old daughter the windows 8 was a lot different from the windows 7 she was use to but she loves it now

I needed a new cheap-but-nice computer so I would be able to more effectively complete assignments, take notes, etc. for my college classes. This computer was definitely worth the money. I would seriously recommend this computer for anyone that is in the position I was in. It has an unbelievable battery life, a nice screen - doing college work on the "high-end" computers can hurt my eyes after more than an hour of working on something, a perfect keyboard layout with the number keypad addition, and runs very smoothly to not have high RAM - whatever that is (don't know, don't care!). Like I said, I am only using this for my schoolwork, and it is suiting me fine. Those people who say it doesn't have enough memory or RAM or anything are obviously looking for a "high-end" computer. Awesome job, Lenovo.

Thank you, no issues to report.  The anti virus soft ware was in the mail box but they didn't check there after finding the computer on the porch since they weren't expecting the soft ware for another 2 days.  Perhaps a tear off sticky notice inside the screen door would have been helpful.

this laptop is perfect just perfect don't have much words on this because I am still speechless at the items and it's speedy delivery

I had high hopes for this laptop.  I already knew the differences between a chromebook and a typical PC, so no issues there.I picked up this system from Walm*** a few days ago.  The model I purchased also includes 2 years of Tmobile data.I specifically choose the HP 14" model because of its quality and size.  Much better size than the competing 11.5" systems.  Also, true to HP, nice quality.Size, speed, quality, keyboard, trackpad are all great.  If I had one negative it would be the lack of lighted keyboard.  On the plus side, the system I received has 4 GB ram, so an upgrade from the 2 GB listed on Amazon.  This system fits its intended use perfectly.

I just bought the 4G version of this for fifty more at the local W-Mart.  The other big difference between that model and this one is that the version with the roaming T-mobile data plan (free for 2 years) also has 2 GB more memory so theoretically the machine should be faster than the wi-fi only version.I'll review the things in common however.Screen:  Good size, easy to adjust brightness with dedicated up and down keys at the top of the keyboard (just like Apple).  I'm reading that the Chromebook 11 version has a nicer display and that the 11 was actually co-created with Google vs. the 14 which was supposedly designed solely by HP.Appearance:  I got the machine in white.  Snow White to be exact.  It looks awesome on the kitchen counter.  The aluminum cover around the keyboard looks great and reminds me of much more expensive Apple machines.  (OK I'll stop mentioning Apple, the whole darn thing reminds me of a $1500 Apple in appearance)Speakers:  I'm listening to Pandora as I type this.  Zero bass response but speakers still sound decent for listening to music, but if you want bass, this is NOT the machine for you.  There is a headset jack.Connections:  Speaking of jacks, there are two USB ports on the left and one on the right. There's also a HDMI output on the left so you can stream video and audio to your TV.Usability:  No, you can't easily run Microsoft Excel and Outlook on this machine.  I've read you can remote into your networked desktop and use them there but I haven't used that.  However Gmail and the Google cloud based equivalents of the Office Suite are fine.  This machine starts up almost instantly... it's like turning on a phone.  You turn it on and moments late you are checking gmail and Facebook and surfing the web.I wouldn't want this as my only computer as I do need a non-cloud based computer as well, but as an inexpensive mobile computer I find this a great alternative to my iPad at half the cost.I asked Amazon if they will be selling the 4G version of this and really didn't get a definitive answer but I'm guessing since WM is already "live" with it that they have some sort of an exclusive deal for now.Also, rumor has it that Toshiba and Asus will be coming out with Chrombooks for the holidays so you might want to wait to see what they offer.My biggest concern about this model was the 2 GB of memory in the wifi only version...  the reviews of other Chromebooks I've read (and I've read dozens) indicate to me that Chrome really operates best with 4 GB if you like to have lots of open tabs.A great little machine!!!

This is my second chromebookI bought the Chromebook 11 when it came out, and I have to say Chromebooks seem to be a great choice for the future, since people is starting to like more mobile devices, like phones, tablets, ultrabooks, etc.The chromebook 11 was a great experience, but then my mother liked it and I decided to give it to her (since we're on holidays and stuff) and I was looking forward to get another Chromebook 11 for me as well.Then I started to read reviews and watch comparison videos between Chromebook 11 and Chromebook 14. Those I've watched are good enough, and tell you most things you need to know. So I decided to get my second Chromebook, and it was the 14.Guys, this really blew me up, this Laptop is way much faster than the chromebook 11 (and i asume most ARM, 11 chromebooks out there) The sound quality is great too, display is bigger but definetly not better, and connectivity offers plenty of options.So, I know you can read specifications and a lot of opinions about this chromebook. I'll just keep it simple...If you want a great laptop, and you know what Chrome Os does, and what does not, YOU SHOULD GET THIS ONE, it is cheap, it is fast, nice build, solid, easy to use, etc. it does most things you need for daily use, and is really nice (i got the "red" one)

I bought this for my 80+ year-old parents and they love it!  So simple for them compared to their aging laptop that was slowing down and having problems.  The Chrome Operating System is much cleaner and user-friendly than Windows.  No more daily calls from them to Tech Support (e.g. me :-) )  Quote from mom:  "I don't even have to think to figure out how to use it."And, I can use Google Hangouts to take control of the machine in the event of any issues.  Worth 3 times the price for the simplicity!UPDATE 1/14/14:  It's been about two months and my parents continue to rave about how much they love it.  They can't believe how it starts up in seconds, it's so simple to use, it's fast (no hard drive chugging along), and they love the sleek look and feel (feels more like Macbook to me) .  Additionally, I haven't received a single "tech support" call from them since they've had it.  They don't have to worry about updating software, performing maintenance, and it hasn't frozen on them yet.  In fact, I'm thinking of getting one for myself.  If you can get by with just Google software, I can't see any reason to buy a laptop.  I gotta believe Microsoft is shaking in their boots! ;-)

I am not a developer nor do I have much knowledge about how computers work.  My old Toshiba was so slow, no matter what clean-up programs, anti-malware programs, etc. I could find. My son recommended that I get a chromebook, explaining that it is different than a regular computer, but will be fast. He was so right!  There is no wait time for booting up, just open it up and the chromebook starts up.  Moving to different websites is so fast!  Rarely is there problem opening any site - once a site was very slow opening and I got a message on the chromebook asking if I wanted to wait or to kill it. I chose kill it, and I got a screen with a sad face and text saying 'It's dead, Jim".  That cracked me up! I really love seeing personality put into technology!  The only things I'm not up to par with yet are the photos.  You upload them to the computer where they are stored onto the cloud.  If you want to print or send one, you need to download to your chromebook to do so.  It's not hard, it's just that it takes me a little time to figure out how to do that. (I'm a senior citizen so in all fairness many things take me a little time to figure out.) I did upgrade to a cloud-ready printer, so I have no problems printing,  The Google Docs program does everything I need for creating documents.  The ONLY thing I have not been able to do download is iTunes and hook up my ipod to the chromebook. But my ipod has wifi access, so that's not really a problem either. The little time it takes to figure out how things are done on a chromebook is definitely offset by the speed at which it works. My son was right. For what I use a computer to do, this chromebook is fantastic. I am spoiled.

I picked up a snow white 4GB RAM + 4G T-Mobile model from Walmart for $349 (plus sales tax).Beautiful machine. Solid build. Very fast - much faster than my Samsung 11" Chromebook. Great keyboard too. And nice large screen.I don't know why some say the screen is not bright enough or sharp enough. It's plenty bright and sharp. It's much better than the Samsung 11" screen. Granted, this HP 14" screen is not as tack sharp as some high resolution screens I've had in $2,500+ notebooks in the past, but then this system is not $2,500, or even $1,000. Due to some online comments I had read, I was concerned about the screen before I bought it, but I am VERY happy with it!My only knock on the system was that, initially, it did not appear to support a wireless mouse. When I first booted it, neither of my two Logitech M325 mice would work. On my second boot, however, the system's Chrome OS did an automatic "update", and the wireless mouse started to work fine! And it's been working flawlessly ever since! Woohoo!I must say, dollar for dollar, this is the best computer I've ever had. When I think of the $2,500+ I paid for notebooks in the past, I want to cry.More, unlike the smaller Chromebooks, like my 11" Samsung (which by the way is great and is being used by my daughter for school), this HP 14" baby can actually serve as a desktop replacement.I'd give it 6 stars if it was an option.UPDATE: Microsoft is now so afraid of the Chromebook that it has hired the two old fat guys from the show "Pawn Stars" (who know diddly about computers) to trash the Chromebook in an ad! It's a pretty sorry ad. Even here on Amazon, you will notice, of late, the sudden appearance of a few negative reviews for the Chromebook 14, where before there were literally none. You can bet these are paid Microsoft trolls. Pay them no heed!

I didn't even know what a Chromebook was until about 3 months ago. I was perfectly content with my laptop, but I heard about Chromebooks and was intrigued by a smaller, lightweight laptop product that was strictly Chrome. I use Google Chrome ALL the time-and I was so ready to leave Windows behind.  I did a lot of reading on Chromebooks, both product descriptions and reviews-but it was actually seeing it and holding it that swung my decision in the direction of purchasing the HP 14" Chromebook.  The bigger screen is perfect for my vision-challenged self-a smaller screen just doesn't cut it for me.  The speed is awesome, and I don't miss Windows AT ALL. I couldn't be happier with my purchase! I admit I'm probably barely tapping the potential of Chrome, but I'll get there.  For what I wanted, this was the right choice for me.

For the record, I usually dislike HP, as well as anything that looks like a Mac. I wanted another Chromebook, and this was the only current gen model with a 14" screen. It is important to remember that you have to be willing to buy into the cloud and/or Google apps to get the most out of this. Your music will be streaming, so you'll probably want to make friends with Pandora, Google Play Music, or Spotify. Google docs will take the place of MS Word or Open/Libre Office. Considering that most of us use our computers as internet machines, this is perfect. It fits a niche similar to that of a tablet, but with a bigger screen and a keyboard (and for me, being productive necessitates a keyboard). I love it.

Simple to use, and fast. Google is leading another revolution. Nice to be free from windows and spyware. I do all of my work in the cloud.

This is a good solid performing machine.  I have recommended these machines to the rest of my family, easy to use and you don't have to worry about all the extra junk that comes installed on every other computer.  This is the way to go.

I hate the color but this chromebook but it is the best on-line experience I have had in several years.  It turns on and you are surfing the web in less than 1 minute literally, it builds web pages in a blink of an eye, and you don't have to worry about virus protection.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone including my mother who has already purchased one on my recommendation.  A GREAT PRODUCT!

just brought my chromebook home yesterday, totally awesome!! fastest surfing on a laptop I have ever owned. I've owned a dell, toshiba, dell & a sony vaio. So far I don't miss windows one little bit. Love the fact that I don't have to purchase a virus protector or microsoft windows. Yes it has external storage but so what my sony crashed twice in 2 years with a virus protection on it, so I had to buy an external hard drive anyways. I'm not a computer geek just a surfer, shopper & do a little lesson planning on the side. Not too heavy & the battery life is superb. Bought it from Walmart, paid a little extra for 4G, totally LOVE it!

I love how easy it is to use! The web browsing is fast and I can go on the internet easily. I use all my schoolwork on this computer now and it makes me more focused! Thank you HP!!! Couldn't have picked a better laptop alternative for school.

For the money this is the best laptop you can buy today (Circa Q4 2013).  I am very happy with my purchase.  I did go with the 4GB + 4G wireless internet version which is only $50 bucks more and totally worth it in my book.  For browser based tasks it's perfect. And if trend is any indication; pretty all casual/consumer based activities can soon enough be accomplished in a browser with the right online service behind it.  Google got it right; the browser is the universal application framework.  I'm very excited about the Native Client capabilities of Chrome and interested to see how far that can go.

I was first attracted to the size of the screen, price and the fact that it had a word processor.  The Office Depot associate told me not to bother.  I took his suggestion and purchased a HP with Windows 8.1 OS and Microsoft Word 2014.  I am a writer and finishing my second book. I have decades worth of research to compile and incorporate so it made sense that I needed a computer compatible with my Microsoft word files. WRONG!  That machine was a true pain.  It kept crashing.  Knocked me off the internet.  Had to reload data, etc. etc.  After 8 hours of trying to get it to work for me and my needs, I gave up.  I downloaded some word files from Windows XP onto a thumb drive and headed back to Office Depot to return the HP Windows 8.1 machine.  While there I plugged my thumb drive into the display HP Chromebook 14.  It was offline and google docs still opened my XP word files.  Sold!  I couldn't be happier.  I finished 28 chapters in two weeks.  My 2nd book is under editor review.  Even I was surprised I could work so fast.  But, the truth is this Chromebook is a joy.  The keyboard is large enough for my fat fingers so my thoughts just fly onto the screen.  Granted, I miss Microsoft Word, as it is so superior for my needs.  But, I figured out a way to write and then email my google doc files to myself.  I just open those up on my Windows computer, waste many hours reformatting text, but have a finished version to send for publication.  Hopefully, in the future I'll learn how to utilize google doc for those needs.  But, if not, I still have the joy or writing on my Chromebook, searching the internet for pertinent info, and getting my business done really fast because of this laptop.  I love it!

I had an 11-inch Samsung Chromebook before this, which I've had for about a week now, and as pleased as I was with the Samsung (very pleased), this Chromebook's even better. The 14-inch screen is beautiful. Battery life is excellent (I think I've gotten about 8 or 9 hours from one charge). It all runs very smoothly, even if you have lots of extensions in your browser. By far my best computer purchase: I just feel so free with the Chrome operating system - it's speedy, light, and totally cloud-based (though there's 16 GB available to store things locally). I really like how integrated it is with Google Drive. When I want to save something, I can easily choose to save it into Drive, picking the folder, etc. without having access to Drive take up a ton of local hard disk space, which happens when I set my PC and Mac up to have direct Drive access. I use the Mac and PC for very little now (Silverlight video, Office is necessary (not often anymore), and that's about it).

I needed something to replace my old & heavy laptop that is about to give out on me. I have a tablet/pad/desktop/smartphone but prefer to use a laptop at home, it's easier on my back/eyes and this screen is vibrant and clear as a bell. The 14 inches is perfect in size, not too small not too big and feather light. Great build, not a cheap plastic feel at all even though it is plastic. Widescreen viewing at it's best, plays Netflix/YT videos flawlessly and the sound is outstanding.  Worked right out of the box, connected to my wi-fi smooth. I can surf the web & check email, listen to the radio, read e-books via the Kindle app, check weather, play games, create documents/notes/reminders. No DVD drive which I don't need, I can't remember the last time I used it on my old computer, it was becoming a nuisance actually. No downloads, doesn't support that sort of thing as everything is done in the cloud (web based) & the tons of apps via the Chrome store and the App store I use on my iphone. I was able to sync Google calendar with my iphone as well for reminders and such. No Windows environment to deal with (updates threatening to shut my machine down in 10 minutes) It can be personalized in many ways with desktop wallpaper and themes for the Chrome browser.I chose the aqua color which is nice, not too bright, it's a pastel green. The charging cord is a decent length, I'm not to sure about battery life but I have been running quite awhile on the first charge, I'll update when I run out of gas on the initial charge. There are plenty of ports (USB, HDMI, SIM). The touch pad & scrolling takes some getting use to and the keypad is a little tight but functional after some adjustment. Shortcuts via keyboard makes getting to some functions convenient, from taking screen shots, projecting your screen to an external display to toggling the cap lock & displaying the keyboard overlay onscreen. The camera is good for the price with many ways to edit photos, not sure if you can shoot video, more research on my part is needed.There's lot's more to learn and explore about this nifty lil number so I'll get back to it and update with any issues/tips I come across. I don't miss the other OS which makes this purchase a good one!

Since this is my third Chromebooks, I am already very familiar with it. It met my expectation in every aspects. I love the this one in particular because of the larger screen and even faster response than my previous models.

This is an amazing machine.I ordered the acer 720p with the touchscreen, the screen was great but a little small for my liking so i gave it to my kid and ordered this 14inch from HP.I was concerned, because i had read several reviews mocking the lame screen of this model.The screen is sharp as hell, and very bright. I have zero problems with the screen.I think the complaints about the screen must have to do with the slightly washed out colors and the inability to adjust the color temp on a chromebook.After owning this thing for 3 weeks, I can state that this is my favorite laptop, ever, by a mile.This motherflipping laptop is lightning fast. I really do not understand how this seems so snappy. even compared to my  powerhouse desktop machine i built.I can play 4 hi def youtube videos simultaneously in each corner of the screen along with an hd netflix stream out to tv through hdmi, all without a hiccup.The keyboard is amazing.excellent battery life. I took it on a 4 day vacation and forgot the charger, which i never needed, and never actually turned the thing off.Boots up from completely off in 7 seconds.Silentlightcoollinks to my galaxy s4 with text and call alertsdesktop notifications of gmailThis thing does nearly everything better than a windows machine or traditional computer.The only exception i could think of would be video editing or manipulation of very large files due to it's small hard drive.I can seriously say i wouldnt trade this thing for any laptop out there at any price point. It is that good.I can also safely say i dont see myself purchasing another windows operating system again. Adios microsoft and good luck bleeding market share to this cheaper, faster, quieter, cooler and superior product.P.S.Parental controls are amazing and getting better.I set up my daughter as a supervised user on her chromebook.It is pretty slick.Every website my daughter tries to access i get a notification on my chromebook. I can choose to allow or deny her request. Once allowed, she can access that site any time unless i change it back to deny at a later date.supervised users is a google beta still and has some drawbacks, but it easily allows you to restrict your daughters access to miley cyrus videos.

I needed a computer simply for sending emails, browsing the internet and streaming video. It's a great computer for the price - 2 years free Google Drive storage, super fast, 9 hours of battery life, and you can still have apps & programs (Spotify, Word) that run through the web browser. It's also super lightweight. The color is more bright blue than turquoise, but I still love it. Really smart and excellent bargain!

I bought this because all I want to do is just mess around on the interwebs and not have to deal with all the other crap that comes with owning a laptop. This thing boots up in like 2 seconds and gets me dominating the internet in no time. I wrestled a bear and lost.

My old Sony laptop was getting slow, time for an upgrade.New mid range laptops are not cheap!Something nice with an I5 was about $700.00 and running windoze 8 and filled with extra garbage software.I read reviews here and got the 14 in white.I was shocked! I expect to spend many hours getting something working and removing all the extra software, but the chromebook was working in 10 minutes, and working fast, no boot up, no background nonsense, fast, cool, long battery life (10 hours) and fast.Did I mention its fast?Instant on is back baby!My windose laptop has not been turned on for months.Best thing I have bought in a long time, very nicely made, robust, nice looking and feeling.

This is a quality product for the price-provided you have a WiFi source. The screen and keyboard are adequate; the features are plentiful. Voice activated search was a bonus feature for me, and works well enough. Response time is quick, and security is built in. I am amazed at what all this packs for the money. It handles all my modest needs nimbly and simply. For entry level, or seniors, this product delivers.  Hats off to HP for providing so much for so little!

Need I say more- My daughter loves her birthday gift.  Perfect for my pre-teen and I am actually jealous -- cause it is SUPER-FRESH-FUNKY AND FLY  ;-)  love it.  GREAT shipping and AWESOME packaging.Thanks.

Chromebook came when stated and is in great shape.  The chromebook works great and does the job for me at school.  Glad I went with this item from this seller.  Great experience overall!

We like the Chromebook so much, that we bought 2 of them!  We prefer this over our last laptop, which always had issues, and constant malware problems.  Amazon had the best price, as well.

Needed the product for a service call and have decided to keep it and give to daughter for graduation. The Linux OS is much faster than the Microsoft and Mac OS's.

I got this for my dad who only needed a computer to surf the web and check email. It's a great deal for someone who isn't super tech savvy and just needs a basic computer. The larger screen is also a highlight considering other Chromebooks have the 11 inch screen. Highly recommended!

I've been using ChromeOS for years now.  I received one of the original CR-48 chromebooks for testing from Google.Over the years, ChromeOS has grown into a nearly full OS that can actually be your only computer.  If you have an old clunky Windows laptop, get this and see how much you miss Windows after a couple months.  No updates to install, no anti-virus apps, no driver configuration, unbelievable startup time, great battery life, and unmatched security.  If you are really worried about working off-line get the 4G model with 200MB for free each month.This is the perfect computer for your kids or parents/computer illiterate.  Updates happen automatically and invisibly and it has a "supervised user" accounts to help keep track of your kids online.  You can monitor what sites they've visited, block specific sites, or even create a whitelist to have complete control.As far as hardware goes, the HP Chromebook 14 has two things going for it, that the others do not.  14" size and 4G modem.  The 4G model even comes with 4GB of ram.

I am truly impressed with this computer and so happy I spent a little more to get the one I wanted. DO YOUR RESEARCH PEOPLE. This isn't the computer that has been on the market for the last 10 years this is something completely new. It has done everything I wanted it to and then some. THE BEST BATTERY LIFE IVE EVER SEEN.

For all the people that had XP computers fail recently, this is an excellant replacement, even superior to a laptop.  The massive amount of wires that are required with a normal computer are gone, there are no connections to a monitor, printer (using cloud), or external memory needed.  It's light weight and  easier to carry around than a laptop. Great piece of equipment !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I am not a techy. This is perfect for what I needed. It's simple enough for web browsing and watching streaming movies.

I've had this laptop for a few days and so far so great! Lots of really cool features and reminds me a lot of a Mac, except more user friendly. Love it!

so easy to set up and use im glad i got the chromebook 14 and not the 11.6! if your looking for a small laptop look into the chromebook first

14 inch is very decent sizeMain features: - Size - Battery Life - Looks - WorksWe need a computer for regular usage which can start quick and with a good battery life.This has everything you needed.5 starts

This was a gift for a college bound student and so far everything is as described. the book is light so easy for her to carry.Great color as well.

Love my Chromebook, never had a laptop before, very easy to use, all my friends love the color, only negative: I wish it was lighter (weight)

I love it. My daughter and a friend  purchased the same one.  It does everything it is suppose too.I didn't need that huge computer I had.

works for browsing internet with google chrome. have bought at least 10 of these and haven't had any issues. screen size is decent. keys are quiet. connects wirelessly or wired.

works for browsing internet with google chrome. have bought at least 10 of these and haven't had any issues. screen size is decent. keys are quiet. connects wirelessly or wired.

I love this chromebook the color is perfect and very portable. I just bought it because I wanted a new laptop with this particular color.  Everything is perfect and easy to use

I love my HP Chromebook! It functions so much faster than any traditional laptop I've ever owned and it's very sleek! My fiance and I have found it meets all of our needs!

Was present to mom. She loves her new laptop. My wallet loves it's too :)If all you do is chrome - get this one and you wont regret

No hard drive so it's up and running within seconds. Love the color. Only thing I don't like is that I can't print coupons from it but I have other computers to do that with.

I love this chrome book! Was so easy to set-up. Looks awesome I purchase the white one. And the super fast shipping top it off. I Would recommend this laptop. One of (if not ) the best google laptops out there.

I found this item to be exactly what I wanted. Fast, Light, and nice looking.I use on the go all the time.

Bought this for our granddaughter and she loves it.  It was extremely easy to setup and is remarkably FAST.  My 2012 vintage MacBook Pro is not as fast.  I've since recommended this to a senior friend who also is pleased.  Learning curve is much easier than going from Windows XP to Windows 8.  Ideal for anyone who does everything through the internet (email, news, document creation, banking, shopping)

I was looking for a computer to surf the web and to watch movies on and do some e-mail. This is it. It's light, boots up fast and works perfect. It's easy to set up and use. Value for the money is right on. If you are looking for a machine to do the basic things I listed above this is it. Couldn't be happier with this product. Thank you!

This thing is great. You open it up and it's ready to go. Light weight and it doesn't get hot sitting on your lap.

I love the HP  chromebook 14! Only one small problem about it is that I cannot sync my fitbit one with it so I am left to hold onto my old junky laptop that is on its last leg just for the purpose of syncing and updating my fitbit

this laptop is so amazing and it looks better than the one in the picture,so fast and flashy,all my friends are already jealous.

My grandson recommended this to me when I was in need of another computer.  At first I wasn't sure if I liked it or not.  However it didn't take long to get used to it.  The only thing that I would have liked was a little more instruction, because of the differences.  The keyboard is a little different.  Overall I really like it and I am having a lot of fun experimenting with it.  I think it is the new upcoming thing in computers.  I need to learn a little more about the Cloud though, but am looking forward to finding new things.  I am having a good time with my new Chromebook.

The Google system is such a pleasure, especially after using MS-based operating systems all these decades. We don't use MS-based computers at all any more. Everything we need is available through Chrome / Google. This particular HP is a beautiful design, easy to use, easy to see, with a nice keyboard even for larger hands.

we enjoy it vary much ,fills our need would recommend it to anyoneeasy to use ,and great servicegreat

This a very good notebook. It is fast and reliable...and of course, I like very much all the google evironment. Much recommended !

This unit is great. it boots very quickly, has a nice big screen, it has worked flawlessly since christmas, more that I can say for Dell 660 running windows 8.1 what a pain that Dell is or should I say Windows 8.1.  I have been running google apps on the cload on the other computer, This HP Chrome takes me there  and all my records are there and ready to work on IM LOVING IT  sorry McDees. This  HP Chrome 14 is the best computer I've ever bought in the past 30 years.

I bought my Chromebook 3 days ago and I'm completely satisfied. I'll recomend it to anybody. It looks nice and works fast!

I absolutely LOVE my Chromebook! It has a fast boot up and log off. I love the Google docs! Only negative... no caps lock button. But other than that, I'd recommend it to anyone! So worth the money!

I bought this for my son as a Christmas gift and he absolutely loves it.  It looks more red in color than peach so this is good.  He started using it out of the box no problems and he's only 10.  Great price and wonderful item.

This was a gift for my non-nerd son and he loves it. All he really does is surf and email so it's perfect in every way. If you need heavy weight processing this is not for you but for light cloud based tasks, it should suffice.

I have the 11-inch Samsung Chromebook 3, which I love -- and have come to adapt to working almost entirely within ChromeOS and Google apps.  But I had been frustrated from time to time by the underpowered Samsung: often not enough power to play videos cleanly, and certainly not to Chromecast them; and even Google Docs were too much of a stretch for the old Chromebook -- typing was often frustratingly laggy.This new Chromebook is a huge improvement.  The larger screen is very nice -- I really don't share the criticisms I've seen in other reviews about its lack of clarity.  Videos play cleanly (and are crisp in HD); Google docs and other apps are extremely responsive.  The transition from the Samsung to the HP is like the transition from a netbook to a Macbook.  If you've liked the Samsung Chromebook, you certainly won't regret upgrading to this.

I'm very impressed with this computer.  It's thin and very sleek looking.  With internet connection it is extremely fast and I have not experienced certain glitches when watching videos that other reviewers have mentioned.  I watch netflix frequently on it and only notice a slight blur every now and then with the picture.I do notice the glossy screen that gives a glare that I read about.  With lights off obviously it is not a problem but depending on the color of the screen I can see myself in the background.Other than that It is great.  I'm a student and not computer savvy so its amazing to just turn a computer on and not have to worry about anything else.  Google docs works just fine so I won't have a problem not using word.Love it!

Easy enough for a 12 year old to pick up and just use, but with enough easy flexibility for a non-techie to hook up an HDMI cable and watch internet videos on the big TV.The time from powering on to beginning a web search is so short that I often reach for my wife's Chromebook rather than my own laptop.The alternate keyboard layout takes some getting used to, but then you'll see why it's so. The caps lock button has been replaced by "search", for example (and how often do most internet users actually need to use caps lock?)

Hp chromebook rocks!!! It's fast and has great apps. I would recommend to anyone who wants a computer that doesn't't need any updates. The white color is nice too.

Purchased this item as a gift for my daughter, who has a brain injury.  She absolutely loves it and finds it easy for her to navigate the programs.  Thank you!  Best gift I could have purchased for her.

I just received my chromebook yesterday, and I absolutely love it so far. The speed is unbelievable (coming from a macbook), and it makes up for in quality and convenience what it lacks in versatility. The display is gorgeous and I love the keyboard, but I am still adjusting to the track pad. I think the coral color looks much better in person than online.I will update if anything goes wrong.

The HP 14 Chromebook did everything as advertised and even more. It is a joy to work with.I have recommended it to others.

Like many of you I was apprehensive at first. I even carefully saved the packaging just in case. But from day one I fell in love with my Chromebook. Of course there are some mental adjustments to be made...like routinely saving to the Google Drive instead of the HDD and not installing apps. But I soon realized that most everything I did on a PC was centered around the internet (and the Google ecosystem) anyway! This baby runs so cool (I mean this literally - no more burnt thighs!) and boots up lightning fast! While this may not be perfect for some I recommend it everyone.

Excellent option vs buying a over priced, under powered Windows laptop.  Spend $300 and get this instead of $700 for something outdated.  Google Chrome OS is smooth clean and makes working off the cloud easy.  Great bootup time, awesome display, and great asthetics make this a choice anyone should make, unless you really edit movies and photos.  This is the future of computing.

I love this Chromebook, beautiful graphics, lightweight, easy to use.  It is well worth the money.  Highly recommend. It's a bargain.

After my 2 YEAR OLD COMPUTER broke down and became OBSOLETE, and discovered that the LEADING COMPETITIVE CORPORATIONS, ( With their high prices, unexpected breakdowns, and hidden costs, ) WERE VERY CORRUPTIVE in many ways.  I've purchased this GOOGLE CHROMBOOK, with all of the SOFTWARE APPS INCLUDED, ( You can also download more apps from the GOOGLE STORE, ) and was VERY IMPRESSED, that it's performance, was very similar in speed, ingenuity, and dependability of an EXPENSIVE MODEL. :)))  THIS IS A NEW COMPUTER REVOLUTION, WITH NOTHING ELSE TO BUY, ( Except an external DVD/CD DRIVE, ) however, for someone, who's on a FIXED INCOME, like myself, that one time payment of only $359.95 USD ( Plus shipping, ) IS WORTH IT!! :))

Fast and to the point. I bought this for my mom as a replacement for her Windows 8 laptop which she was super frustrated with. For her style of use, it's a perfect laptop. Plus, once she replaces it in the future (likely with another chromebook), I can always install Ubuntu!One thing that I feel HP should have done is included a white power cord/adapter (comes with a black one), since the laptop is white in my case.

this was a gift for my colllege age daughter who seems to love everything about it.  including the color.  thank you.

I bought this for my mother to replace her ancient (yet classic) eMac. Found it easy to setup and get started. She is adjusting to the mouseless scroll pad and overall I think she likes it. I would definitely consider one for myself if the need arose.

So I needed to get a new laptop for school. I take online classes currently. This has worked excellent on the ANGEL and CANVAS hosts that my classes are on. You can save Google word docs in other formats such as word dox. This computer is fast to start up. The battery has an excellent life. I have it set up to underline misspelled words and found out that you two finger tap the top right corner of the touch pad to bring up the correct spelling. Its a easy computer to use. My young daughter (7) got on it and navigated easily. I did purchase mine from Walmart online because it came with more drive space and 2 years of T-Mobile 4g service (200mb) a month. I will NEVER go back to windows and I am not silly with my money so I wont do Apple either.

We bought this for our daughter.  With her school being google doc and drive driven, it was a no-brainer.  The laptop has a very nice, vibrant screen and an excellent touch keyboard.  It did not take us long to catch on to the google specific characteristics.One difficulty is printing.  Need a special printer or adapter which we are still researching.Recommended.  Would maybe suggest more internal memory, but thumb drives and google drive are key.

After watching several TV commercials (probably by Microsoft) denigrating the Chrome-books, I wondered whether these units were actually as good as advertised.  I have been impressed with what was available using my HP-14.

Exactly what I needed! Fast, powerful, long battery life, great color and distinction, streams a movie well, has DVD drive..everything as I needed for work and play!

I was in the process of searching for a nice laptop on a budget, going from store to store, website to website, and then I found this deal.An A10 processor, 6GB RAM, 1TB Hard Drive for $499? All the other laptops I found that had the same specs were $600+So far, I've had the laptop for a week and I really love it. It is slim, the fan does not make any noise nor does it get hot, it is fast, and so far I haven't experienced any problems.But if I do find any problems with this laptop in the next few months, I'll update this review...Hope this helps! :)

hey folks, I consider myself fairly tech savvy (25 years in the IT business).  The son's laptop died, so I started the search.  This machine was SUCH a better machine then anything else I saw in this price range that I really thought Amazon must have been wrong. No other internet retailer had this laptop with the A10, a better/newer processor.  And the machine comes with more RAM, and a larger hard drive that all of the comparable laptops.Anyway, the laptop arrived, and it is a WONDERFUL machine and everything Amazon stated in their ad.Yes, it is Windows 8, but get real folks, unless you want old hardware, anything new is going to come with Windows 8.  Hopefully when 8.1 is released in October, Microsoft will have resolved some of the more annoying things about 8.So, today, I ordered a second machine to replace the wife's old Dell.P.S. Amazon, if you read this, please tell your packers to put some bubble wrap UNDER the laptop box as well as on top.  The laptop box was directly against the bottom of the external shipping box.  Fortunately, Lenovo's packaging was good enough to keep the machine safe.

Honestly the greatest laptop I have owned in the last 7 years since my first laptop. The A10 processor breezes through what I do with ease. The graphics are amazing for the games I play on it (Mass effect 3, LoL, battlefield 4) and it runs most others with relative ease, granted some better than other.The battery life tends to be a solid 5 hours, give or take usage, screen and sound are great considering the specs and price. Best webcam i've used on a laptop built in. Does get toasty when gaming, but I find taking the battery out while it is plugged in for gaming fixes that.Windows 8, runs fine, 8.1 ran better. I know people have a hate for windows 8, but i love it.I have only 2 complaints:first is the hard drive, slow 5400 rpm, bad. but That is pretty common so its not a huge complaint, just something ill fix with an SSD in the future.2nd is with microsoft, mostly due to them not really giving a proper tutorial on how to use windows 8. While I love windows 8, they did not make it easier for those not so tech savvy to grasp it quickly and typically will use it for a day, quit, and complain. Though once you get the hang of 8, it runs like a breeze and personally better than 7.

This is a great laptop for the price.When I started the search of a new computer I really wanted a good processor with a good graphic performanceI bought it for $499 in September so when I bought it is was just launched (practically) And you know the just launched products ever has problems, my problem was in the BIOS for some reason when I plugged in the computer to AC connector the speed of processor drop off dramatically (2.00Ghz-1.2Ghz) In first time the laptop disappointed me :( But I think "Lenovo must fix it, I'm sure is a BIOS or charger problem (And in fact it will)"  I searched in Lenovo forums but a final solution, I really was desperate and decided to returned it to Amazon but was to late... In my wait of a solution I tried some games (Because I bought this laptop for playing occasionally) I played Call of Duty: Black Ops II And NFS Most Wanted And I should say! The Games run perfectly! No lags! I also tried the Wii emulator and works fine. The screen is not the best of the world but even is the worst! I can say the same of the speakers. You can free update it to Windows 8.1After a Loooong time of waiting,(December 20) the solution was available, It was a simple update of the BIOS I updated it from V. 1.2 To 2.05 And it just take 4mins. And of course the problem is gone :D I was happy to cannot return it to Amazon because since the update the laptop works better.I will gave you all the Windows experience index:Processor AMD A10-5750M APU with Radeon(tm) HD Graphics - 6.5Memory (RAM) 6.00 GB - 7.2Graphics AMD Radeon HD 8650G - 6.7Gaming graphics 3175 MB Total available graphics memory - 6.7Primary hard disk 718GB Free (892GB Total) - 5.9If You see the Hard disk drive has the poor qualification, but 5.9 is not even terrible, another possibly reason of that punctuation could be that the "Hard disk power saver" was enabled. And of course if you want to speed up the computer you can change the unit for a SSD. Also the RAM can be upgraded to 16GB.And this is the Graphics information:Display adapter type AMD Radeon HD 8650G  Total available graphics memory 3175 MB  Dedicated graphics memory 768 MB  Shared system memory 2407 MB  Primary monitor resolution 1366x768  DirectX version DirectX 11 or betterThis laptop fits all MY requirements with the stock hardware, I will use it to university next year and I'm very sure it will works perfect! (And also for playing games occasionally) I hope this review help someone! Thanks for reading and enjoy your laptop! (If you buy it) PD: I apologize if I had grammatical faults I'm not a native English speaker. Merry Christmas and Happy new year! :)

Purchased this laptop 2 weeks ago and no issues thus far. Took about 45 minutes to configure (windows updates and whatnot) and get the bloatware off, but everything has went well.Pros:- AMD's latest Quad Core Richland Mobile APU (A10-5750m with Radeon HD 8650G graphics)- light gaming capability (So far I have only played Tera Rising, I average around 25 FPS on medium)- Nice Cooling- 6 GB Ram- Bluetooth- USB 3.0- Low power consumption- 1 TB Storage- Barely any Bloatware- PRICE!!- Portable (Light weight and slim)Cons:- Non really, but I dislike Windows 8. Thinking about downgrading to 7.Overall, I am happy with this laptop!

I LOVE IT. THE DESIGN ITS VERY COOL, AND THE SPECIFICATIONS ARE GREAT. MAYBE WITH UBUNTU OR WIN7 WILL HAVE A BETTER PERFORMANCE

Hi, I got this computer for Christmas and I love it! it has a powerful processor and good graphics. I also have a flight simulator that is very hard to play even on a high performance MacBook pro, with only about 3 programs on this computer, it handles it with ease.  I'd say it's about the best starter laptop you can get for the price.

Love this Lenovo!  We looked for a laptop for my children for a year.  We wanted to balance cost with some advanced gaming attributes.  After much research, we came to learn which graphics cards were in our price range.  The processor and graphics card in this Lenovo are such a good deal compared to what's out there.  And we love the keyboard - typing is much lower effort than some of the laptop keyboards out there.  When typing longer papers (which is one of the reasons for a laptop for my kids), keyboard ergonomics have an impact.  This laptop will meet our needs for several years to come.  Delighted!PS - AMD processors coupled with AMD graphics are one of the best combos for gaming.

Pros:Very QuietVery lightFastGreat laptopCons:As usual, lots of trash programs (uninstall process takes some time)Low ram, Only 6GB, upgradable so not a big deal

This was a graduation present for my daughter. It  had everything I was looking for at reasonable price.  She is overjoyed with it

I love this laptop! It's perfect for school which is what I use it for. It is kind of heavy and I don't like the windows 8 operations system but I've gotten along just fine with it.

NOW TO BECOME AS KNOWLEDGABLE AS THE MACHINE THEN  ITS FULL POTENTAL WILL BE REALIZED AND I WILL BE UPDATED

Very satisfied with product. Only used product a couple of times but have had no problems with it so far.

I bought this TouchSmart tm2-2150us to replace my old Sony Vaio.Pros:- 500GB storage- 4GB memory, 2GB each slot (expandable to 8GB)- Intel i3 1.33 GHz (Works fine for image editing)- Convertible screen (iPad killer)- Sensitive Touch Screen- Pen digitizer- Unique design- Nice speaker outputCons:- a bit heavy (~4.1 lbs)- reflective display (need to set maximum brightness if you use it outdoor)- no optical driveSo far, this laptop meet my expectation as a portable and tablet PC. The 12.1 screen size is perfect for traveling (not too big or small) also the battery can stay about 3 - 4 hours using wifi and 4 - 5 hours using cable LAN.

I ordered this computer for my wife to use while she is going to college.  We both could not be happier.  She enjoys the ease of use and the fact of how light it is for her to carry.  It was just like the company put in their ad that it was unopened and new.  Very easy to get things started on it, easy to connect to our home wireless network and the use of the light pen is wonderful.  We are very satisfied with the product and look forward to ordering from this company again in the future.

this is the best laptop i have ever owned..it is wonderful and portable, and i can even take my math notes on it..people may think it is a disadvantage it does not come with a dvd drive but you can get one for a great price here on amazon..this was a great investment

I bought this laptop because my other laptop doesnt work all the time. I have been wanting this hp touchsmart for years and finally decided to break down and just buy it. I was waiting to see if they would make one with a larger touch screen then decided that a larger one would not be pratical. I am very pleased with this purchase.  If you want the ability to hand write things and draw or make graphs I would recommend this computer. It is a very good computer. Lightweight and just large enough to do alot of things. Love it!!!

I used to be against touch PC screen but after I purchase this for my wife, I found out I enjoy it. This is probably the future of PC. HP Pad PC is reliable, ast enough for my wife, ease of use, and good deal!!

the hp touch smart tm2 is a very good computer, is fast and all i expected from the computer, i have today my computer with me

I love this laptop!to be honest i'm not the very best with computers, and this is the first laptop i've owned, only had a desktop,butIt's great! It takes a lot of getting used to and i suppose if your good with computers it'd be easier to know what your doing.Very small technical glitches but i think that comes with any computer.I love how the screen rotates, i love its touch screen and works like a tablet eithout having to buy a separate keyboard etc..I bought this mainly for school and it works great so far, can't wait to have a better understanding with this thing. But i completely recommend it!!

Pros:> Very responsive styluse.  You can even hold it over the screen and it acts like a hovering mouse to provide pop-up information on most applications and web-sites.> Excellent picture quality.  One of the main reasons I bought this was to show off photos.> Runs Photoshop, WAMP, Chrome, and Microsoft software as fast or faster than my desktop.> The VGA and HDMI ports both work fine (in contrast to the ASUS touch screen netbook I used to own.)Cons:> There is a feature that rotates the screen 180 degrees when you switch from laptop to tablet mode.  HP thinks I want to use it with the battery at the top, which does give it a nice tilt when placed on a desk.  However, I find it more comfortable to hold with the battery at the bottom.  So when I switch to tablet mode I have to hit the rotate button twice.  It's just an annoyance, but you would think HP would have made this feature configurable.> Touch detection goes to sleep after just a minute and you have to hold the stylus or your finger on the screen for a few seconds to wake it up.  However, I found a work around on an Internet forum; go to the device manager and turn off the USB power shutdown feature.I was burglarized in February and lost a 17" laptop, which was too heavy to take anywhere, and touch screen netbook, which was too weak to run most applications.  The HP TMP2 replaced them both.  It's powerful enough to be my primary computer, light enough to carry around, and has the great tablet feature I love to use when sitting around the living room or showing photos to my friends and family.It is hard to believe HP stopped making this.

Very good machine, I don't feel it heavy as other people said, actually is very portable, the optical drive in my previous computer was used once in 2 years, so thinking about how much I used it played a big factor, it responds nicely to fingers, zoom in and out are a breeze.

This is a very nice laptop. It looks and feels far more expensive that what it actually is. The boot time is around 10 seconds, which I must say I truly enjoy as I am now departing from my aging HP and Asus laptops. The backlit feature is great for low light or night time and the screen is great. The only complaint I would say it the bloatware that comes with it. I used the Sony Update feature to update all drivers and it made the keyboard unusable so I would say uninstall and be weary, trust updating from Windows Update only. although this is not the touchscreen version, the interface is very fluid, and even thought Windows 8 has that terrible learning curve, it is still a great laptop. I definately recommend this laptop as a "back to school" laptop as it has both the capacity to serve as a work and entertainment laptop. :-)

This laptop is awesome. A week prior to this, i bought a Toshiba with an a4 processor. I was in the market after my daughter broke my dell inspiron. Her school program is based online; i searched chromebooks and lower end toshibas. Out the door price on the toshiba was certainly cheaper by a couple hundred bucks in comparison to the vaio. However, the toshiba didn't make it 3 days in my household before i was executing a return. On the Toshiba, the mouse froze several times, it was only for a couple minutes at a time, but when you're trying to get something done, it felt like hours; Netflix also took forever and sound quality was mediocre. It performed like a $300 laptop. That being said, if you're able to spend a couple hundred more, grab the lower end Sony vaio. For me, it's definitely worth it. The sound and display quality are suberp and it's able to process faster. It had no problem with Netflix and it plays music even when you close the lid. The light up keyboard is fun too. Great quality and still within a tight budget....On the flip side, the one minor annoyance (with the sony vaio) and i will say minor because i prefer the annoyance over the consistent freeze-ups of the toshiba: the vaio does lose internet connection on a scale of...i'd say infrequently after a week's use. It's maybe done it 3 times of the 10-15 uses. My wifi signal will indicate "limited" even when i'm right in front of my signal. At that point, it's been a simple disconnect (from the laptop wifi), count to 10 and reconnect. It's worked all 3 times so far, but it does need that 10ish second gap. Not a deal-breaker for me, but i could see how it might annoy others on varying degrees, so heads-up.

So far I'm still testing this, and getting use to it.  I'm for one isn't a fan of Win8 buuuuuut I'll get use to it.  Was going to install Win7 but couldn't get into the bios.  Otherwise, it's a fast start up.  Very fast.  IMO I think the trackpad is a weird placement, and I miss the actual left click and right click button, takes awhile to get use too.  Many adjustments.The backlit keyboard doesn't have a brightness adjustment, I think.  But it's not bad.  It's not to bright, or to dark, its just right.  I've been dealing with desktops for years and not had a laptop for a long time so I am still getting use to the keyboard and thats why I got the 10-key version.  So far I'm still getting use to it and its not bad.The screen does need to be adjusted for your viewing angle, soooo make sure you adjust it in the right position before you move it.The sound quality is amazing!! Loud! Clear! Skyping right now and the voice is clear!Haven't tested the battery life.To end it all, the webcam is amazing! According to the other person on Skype. "It's so clear!" and I'm in a dark room.  Like no other lights except the laptop.  Very satisfied!  I also installed a start button, and I love it.  I am also having problems with transfering a picture from my Oppo Find 5 to this laptop via NFC.  Says "The receiver doesn't support large beam transfers", so I don't know why 147kb is alot.  But I will see what I can do to fix this.Great laptop for the price.  Still testing it out as this review is out.

I love it because its white and runs fast and basically a mac but in pc form... if that makes sense. good college computer but if you are going to be taking it to class everyday I would suggest getting a smaller one. but if its mainly for home use the 15.5 is a wonderful size because its big enough to do my work on like a desktop. also one of my favorite parts is the light up key board!

I use a Thinkpad at work and it is excellent.  We bought this one for our daughter as her college computer.  I changed out the 500gb drive for an SSD and used the Windows 7.  Awesome!  Thin, lightweight and super fast.  Don't forget that it doesn't have an optical drive.  We purchased and external DVD burner.

great built. as a student i'm very satisfied from the laptop. my first lenovo! maybe should consider improve screen for more 50 dollar.

Best laptop for that price !!! Fast speeding douwnloads! easy to get any options , fine camera,WIFI,white cloud color with white keyboard!!! Recommended!!!

when i found this computer online, i was really hesitant about buying it, but to my surprize i got exactly what i ordered to the T. i would defly recommend this seller. fast shipping, tracking, and great customer service. when i had a question, they emailed me back with minutes with answers.

If you're looking for a inexpensive laptop of this size then this is a perfect choice.Initial Impressions:-----------------------------I've only had the laptop for a few days, but am quite happy with it.  The number pad is great, island keys look nice and feel good.  The track pad has a ton of settings and options so with a little fiddling you should be able to find the settings that work for you.  The display is definitely widescreen but looks great.  There wasn't too much bloatware installed - mainly just a bunch of HP programs, but they were easily disabled/removed.  Comes with McAffe 60 day trial which I uninstalled.  Also comes with Office 2010 starter which provides Word & Excel limited versions.  I love that this has a 7200 RPM harddrive as most laptops skimp with slower 5400 RPM options.  Webcam works great and has a built-in light/flash.  HP & Windows 7 even have face recognition for logging in, although that doesn't always work.  The top has a matte finish with what I can best describe as a fine wood grain look that's somewhat grey/brown.Update: one of the main reasons I bought this laptop was for the HDMI output so I could connect to my receiver and HD TV then play videos, Hulu, etc. from the laptop to the TV.  After a little tweaking of the audio playback device both audio and video worked great over HDMI!  I should note that the audio signal is not surround, but 'just' digital stereo.Regarding Memory:-----------------------------I ordered another 2GB of RAM and after removing 7 screws I got to the memory location under the keyboard and the additional memory looked to be exactly the same as what I ordered.  You can google to find the instructions for removing the keyboard on HP's website.  However, I don't know that 4GB is absolutely necessary for this laptop.  It depends on how many programs you'll have open at a time and how you plan to use it.  Many people probably don't know that 4GB is the maximum amount that a 32 bit Operating System can reference.Overall:-----------------------------Circuit City (owned by the same company as Tiger Direct) via Amazon had the best price for this laptop (400), even better than Newegg (420).  I was surprised that shipping took only 3 days!

My reference point is from the use of Thinkpads for 10 years (t-20, t-40, t-60) and the Dell Latitude series for another 3 (both brands are premium business laptops).This is my take on this deal: This is a fantastic buy for $399! And stand-alone, not a bad computer!The outstanding: - Great built in camera (2Mp - most others have 1.3 or just 0.3) - Faster HDD than most other laptops (7200 rpm, most others have 5500) - Fantastic connectivity for this price class; HDMI, eSATA - Durable design using polished metalThe good: - Quite good speakers for this price - Processor is reasonably fast, graphic processing also - Keyboard is water proof, HDD has shock absorber functionThe bad: - The touchpad buttons are part of the touchpad, making them difficult to use as the cursor will typically move when you click. I use an external mouse, so it is not really a problem. - I find myself mistyping more often when using the keyboard than on my Lenovo Thinkpad or Dell Latitude - and my fingers are not particularly fatThe ugly: - Adding more ram was NOT a cakewalk - dissembling the keyboard and top panel was easy - putting it back together again was a nightmare, eventually had me using a kitchen knife to modify the plastic panels (if you do this be very gentle not to bend anything, so you don't have to bend it back like I had to...).Would I buy it again? Definitely! I love this thing!------ Additional observations added on August 1st, 2011 ------ - The wireless antenna is awesome. In locations where my two-year-old Thinkpad achieves just one or two bars from the wireless network (or sometimes none), the HP achieves four. - The web-cam works extremely well in dim light, better than that of my Thinkpad and on par with that of my Latitude 4300. - I've had no issues whatsoever concerning stability after nearly 3 months of usage. No hang-ups, crashes or freezes! I think this is the most stable computer I've ever owned.

This is a surprisingly good laptop for the money! Although I purchase nearly everything from Amazon, I caught a 24 hour special on another site that I just couldn't pass up.After returning two other laptops from another company that did not meet my graphics expectations, I was a little concerned about this one - you usually see these kinds of specs in much higher priced machines. Although the Microsoft Windows Experience Index is not a techie's dream, it does give a standard measurement that indicates how well the computer performs using Windows 7 (scale of 1 to 7.9).After the first start-up, I ran the Index with the installed 2GB memory. Then I installed 4gigs and updated the Graphics and bios. Here's how the numbers came out:Processor:  5.2,  5.3Memory (RAM):  5.5,  5.5Graphics:  3.3,  4.1Gaming Graphics: 5.1,  5.2Primary Hard Disk: 5.9,  5.9These are very decent numbers.x32 and x64 OPERATING SYSTEMS: I wanted x64. I called HP Customer Service and ordered the x64 at no cost. Within less than two days I received the disks via FedEx Express (good, responsive, customer service). Not one disk, but three Windows 7 disks arrived (x32, x64, and a recovery disk).GRAPHICS: Although this is a business-field computer, I need good graphics nevertheless. If I lift this laptop up and put it next to my 24" desktop monitor (with an ATI Sapphire Vapor-X Radeon HD5770 video card that gives me an Index of 7.4), I can hardly tell the difference except the colors appear richer on the HP laptop!KEYBOARD: Excellent. Generous sized keys. Nice border between the main keys and the ten-key area. Keys have a nice touch.TRACK PAD: I find no fault with it.ENCLOSEURE: A stylish black case and keyboard that looks very business professional. The finish shows finger prints easily, but I find that a Meguiar's Supreme Shine microfiber towel remove finger prints without a trace. I also use it on my black keyboard and tower.PROBLEMS: Installing the memory modules was a bit of a chore, but I knew about it before I ever purchased this machine. Be aware that the screw threads are not small - they're tiny.  And the two rubber caps at the back are nothing more than two thin rubber caps with sticky on the backs. An Exacto blade makes them easy to remove.I'm delighted with this laptop.

In preface, I'm a network engineer and used to toting about a $2500 Thinkpad issued from corporate.  Build quality is important to me.This model comes 'stripped down' with only 2gb of RAM, and a 'measly' 320gb HDD.Another 2Gb is cheaper than dirt right now.  320GB units are SINGLE PLATTER right now, and very reliable in the mobile context for that reason.Sacrificing these super cheap to upgrade things gets this unit down in to remarkable pricing territory. ( $ 4 5 0 )The 2.2ghz processor has more moxie than those comparing it to the sister model 4520s (i-380 based) give credit for.  Lets keep in mind not too long ago we had similar  performance in Desktops...  The advantage of the (still basic) Radeon 4250 shows in those silly games your kid will download.  You know it will happen and choosing the Intel HD makes children cry.  Also, I have seen no issues with my test 1080p content over HDMI (70-90% CPU).  That said, the screen is x768 so 720p content is the max anyway and it plays fine.The keyboard is good, having not much flex excepting the very center. Typing to the left is difficult for those not used to numpads on these units but humans adapt.  Key travel is crisp and not 'cheap' feeling to me.  In addition, the touchpad is centered on the spacebar (as it should be); but will take getting used to as it's not in the center either.  This implies your instinctual left click might be a right for a couple days.Speaking of the touchpad, people give this some guff in reviews.  Go LOOK at the options panel.  I set palm check to one notch from the top and haven't had a thumb/palm accidental drag once.  Honestly, I think this is a good touchpad after setting sensitivity.This is one of only a couple laptops in this price category that had both HDMI and eSATA.  Bonus.  No USB on the back; however two on each side is good (one doubled with eSATA).  They are inset slightly, so the micro-usb most wireless mice come with now do not protrude at all.Sound is 'ok' but at least it gets loud when you push it.  I can hear the talking in youtube videos fine on 50%, but get an external speaker for $20 if you want to bump it up a notch.  It seems optimized for the human speech range, which I'm pretty ok with.Build quality is solid.  No, really.  Completely lacking in misshapen panels, snap-attached bezels, and the like.  I took it apart and don't find any 'fail' moments in the process.  This is very surprising at this price point.  The consumer version of this HP cpu/featureset is rife with build quality issues so this is important to note.  My wife's friends think we bought a very expensive unit (the only test that matters).Do yourself a favor and buy this model if you're in that sub $500 crunch and don't want to pick up that plastic toshiba thing everybody says has wonky fans.

Bought this laptop as a Christmas gift and was pleased with the performance and features at the $399.00 I paid.I was a little surprised by the size of the laptop.  I guess I wasn't paying attention but the 15.6 inch diagonal results in a very large laptop.I personally prefer a smaller machine (I own a 10" netbook" but the person who received it loves the laptop and thinks the size is a plus.  You have plenty of real-estate on the screen for viewing content.  The laptop ended up with an overall Windows Experience rating of 3.2 but that was only for the Aero graphics.  Otherwise it would have been 5.2.  Gaming graphics scored well.  The machine has plenty of power and feels quite speedy.

I liked the Probook so well that I decided to buy another in case someone else wanted one. I love the numeric pad and bluetooth. I couldn't expect more for the price. The second one costs $50 more and still a good buy.

The shipping time, was resonable. The estimated delivery period was surprising! A whole month! But the package arrived a day before the delivery period so definately no complaints in that department.The laptop itself has a sleek, professional look with the specs to back it up.Most reviews give the mouse pad bad comment, but it just takes a little getting used to. That's all.I'd recommend this buy! Same day I got mine, 2 friends said they wanted too.

We purchased this a considerable time ago and now we have own it for over a year and I can say I am very happy with its abilities to perform on fiarly mid-high end games with respectable performeance.  The fact it has its own high powered video and good processor allows it to do so well.  Great purchase.

I did buy mine in February 1st, and receive this a week later in my country; Costa Rica. I used it at least 5 hours each day, and it works great !!!, 2 weeks ago I put "more memory" on it, also I buy, in Amazon, a Logitech mouse.This HP beats a lot of more pricey laptops! NOT OVERHEATING ISSUES AT ALL, NO MOUSE PAD PROBLEMS, but I preffer the wireless Logitech mouse.REALLY I CAN RECOMEND IT !!!

I BUY THIS NOTEBOOK IT MY FIRST NEW NOTEBOOK I OWN IT COLD  NOT HOT LIKE MY TOSHIBA LAPTOP. GOOD PRICE  HP ProBook 4525s XT950UT 15.6"THANK YOU.

I was deleting emails today and came across your message...thought I bought a second one!I love the thing!  I already crashed it twice trying to be administrator (with no data files on yet) lol it even fixes itself!  I'm semi thorough before I buy but this was such a great deal I just went for it!  It has everything and then some.  I think I paid low $4-something and it was half off!  Too kewl!  I actually bought it in disguise for Izzi but it's got too many buttons on it!  I'm keeping it for biz.Have a great Day!Ami

I had been looking for some time for a good deal on a below $450 laptop running Windows 7 (not because I like running Windows, it is just outside my budget to purchase a Linux machine also). I always prefer Dell because of the quality and the excellent technical support (just try to get an HP computer repaired under warranty) but was having trouble breaking that $400 line. When I saw this M501R laptop offered for $369, I ordered it very quickly, just doing a quick scan of its capabilities and reputation on the net. 4 GB RAM, dual core processor (don't mind this moderately powerful AMD chip since I am not doing video processing or the like on this machine), 500 GB HD (5400 RPM is slow, but for Internet and document, photo processing it is fine), CD/DVD read and write (don't usually see this included on a below $400 machine), big (15.6 inch) screen with fairly nice resolution (hey, what do you want for this price)---not quite as precise display as the higher priced dispalys but my wife likes it fine for TV and movies anyway, Windows 7 Home Supreme (whatever---no one sells lower than "Supreme") keeps you in the MS monopoly plot for now, though I do recommend using OfficeLibre (used to be Open Office---free superior equivalent to Microsoft Office handles all document processing needs and is compatible with MS) as I did to avoid purchasing overprices MS stuff, and GIMP if you are an Adobe Photoshop user but don't have a spare grand lying around. Good audio---run the output into a laptop stereo stand. Windows Live Movie Maker is a plus with Windows 7, giving you pretty nice YouTube video production capability. Don't need an email application since GMAIL and HOTMAIL have great web interfaces. Jump on this!

I'm a college student and this laptop does everything I could possibly need, very happy with my purchase. It's been 6 months since I bought it and everything still works as good as the day I bought it.

I wanted something simple, without a bunch of bells and whistles, and definitely wanted Windows 7, not Windows 8.  This is just right - it fires right up, no waiting for a bunch of things to boot up... simple and efficient.

My 94 year old mother needed a new computer! Her ten plus year old XP desktop gave up the ghost and she thought a laptop would be a good idea!I shopped around for a Windows 7 OS because I wasn't sure how she would handle the look and feel of Windows 8. She now has her email, solitaire and internet back, and is quite happy with the laptop.

this Dell is very high quality.. operation is very user friendly.. solid built and looks great.. the price can't be beat either LOVE IT. I bought this is because I want a brand new computer comes with Windows 7.

I bought this for my son who was in need of a new laptop for college.  I have owned Dells since just about the time I knew what a computer was and have always had great success with them.  Far from money being no object, I chose this one for the there really weren't all that many available here on Amazon for the price I wanted to keep it at that weren't refurbished, or had a fair amount of good reviews.  This Inspiron 15 fit the bill nicely all around...I gave this to my son here at my place and he had it set up, customized, connected to the internet and enjoying it well within an hour.  It is very fast, has a most generous amount of memory, and a large enough hard drive to handle years of games and movie downloads.  The set up really was a breeze, even for someone that still uses an old 'puter myself, and have not kept up with the new technology much.  There was nothing that my son was doing during the setup that I did not understand at all.  He truly loves it and is most grateful.  As far as minor annoyances he mentioned that there are no number key. (Not keys with a number on them, it has that, just no "number" key on the bottom.  Most laptops don't for some reason).  Also, there appears to be no sound icon in the task bar for turning up and down the volume.  He also has to use the keyboard for that as well. Neither being any big deal that he finds true liabilities.One last thing of importance that I would like to mention. This computer is new, not used or refurbished, and still comes with Windows 7.  Even I, that as already mentioned am way behind in the tech savvy department have heard the horror stories and dissatisfaction with Windows 8.  I strongly suggest that before you buy any computer here on Amazon or any other place with Windows 8 installed, do yourself a big favor and look it up on here and take the time to read some of the overwhelmingly horrible reviews of it.  It's by far the worst system I have seen or heard of as far as customer reviews and satisfaction.  I even know people that have bought new 'puters with it and have gotten fed up and loaded Windows 7 after having enough of the so called latest new and "improved" windows. (Or, have taken to installing Windows Shell, a free add on easily available that re-installs some of the classic windows features and look that Windows 8 has done away with). This computer already comes with Windows 7 that works very much like the classic windows that most of us are so familiar with, without all the aggravating crap that Windows 8 is handing you. A big plus in my opinion that my son also very much appreciated.All around this is a fine deal on a great Dell laptop that I highly recommend... : )

This is my first Dell Inspiron 15.6 and I am most pleased.  The touch and the keyboard are perfect.  I love having more room between the keys and my speed and accuracy have improved.  The only thing I've noticed was that it is somewhat difficult to turn on.  It will start and then turn off.  Not sure why but it is a tad annoying.  However, the screen is bright and clear and it was very easy to set up.  I liked that it came fully charged.  So I will take the many good things and like it.

I'm happy I could still get a Windows 7 laptop and this one performs remarkably well.  Would recommend it to others.

Fast shipping, Great packaging, Product as advertised. Cannot beat Dell. Never used Windows 7 before. I called Dell Technicians and they spent an hour getting me started, 1 1/2 hours later they had me up and running with a wireless internet connection, Hi Speed internet connection, wireless keyboard and wireless mouse.I got a return call to make sure I was ok and a direct line to my Tech!!! Can you believeit!!! It was truly AWESOME! I had two previous Dell laptops many, many years ago. I had a number of problems with my second laptop and the technician talked to his supervisor. His supervisor  said he was sending an expert with all new parts inside, I only had the screen and the outside housing!!!!! NOW THAT IS SERVICE!!!!! I am so happy with my new laptop and installing programs, down loading programs and working in my patio with MY NEW LAPTOP!!!! AWESOME!!!  Thank You Dell.

I am very happy with the laptop. II would tell anyone that it looks good and it was packaged good.

I was looking for a inexpensive laptop with Windows 7 just to keep up with my daughter on Facebook while she was in Alaska.  This laptop performs great, has many nice features, and doesn't require a bachelor's degree to use.  I am older and like things simple, and this is the perfect laptop.  Fast, clear view and sounds.  Highly recommend this laptop.

Bought this for my husband that basically wants a computer to read his email and surf the web. This computer has a superfast recovery time for loading the desktop compared to the Compaq I own.

Looking for a laptop for my grandson.  He just turned 13 and this is his first one.  He had certain criteria and this computer met them all.  Thank you.

Didn't want a move to windows 8 so this is a great alternative. Nice specs for home or school use. Setup was a breeze. Match this up with a USB storage device and you will be good to go.

I bought this for my daughter and she really loves it.  She's been able to play games that she couldn't play on her last laptop because it kept freezing.  She didn't think we would be able to find a decent new laptop with windows 7 because most of them have windows 8. Not only did we find a really good one, the price was very reasonable.  Very good purchase.

Made this purchase for someone else an elderly lady that lives where I work I guess Its OK she hasn't used it much

This is my second Inspiron laptop and if this one lasts as long as the first one, then I won't be needing another computer for 7 years.  I specifically ordered this one with Windows 7 OS as I am not a fan of W-8.  This is not the top of the line inspiron, but it does everything I ask of it.  Upload, download, web surfiing and facebooking.  The AMD processor is relatively fast and stable.  I highly recommend this computer for anyone wanting something a little better than entry level.

Nice machine, does everything I need it to.  Minimal amount of pre-installed shovelware.  Good to see Win 7 machines are still available.

I purchased this Dell computer for my wife when her other Dell crashed and was no longer economically repairable. This computer was easy to set up and she was back online in about an hour. An excellent product at a very reasonable price. My wife loves it.

My husband love's the laptop because it will play his games on it were as some laptops don't. It's It's very lightweight, and easy to take with you were you go. It's a very nice computer.

I purchased this product solely because it had the Windows 7 operating sytsem.  I refuse to buy Windows 8.  If necessary I will change to a Mac next time I need a new computer.

Only thing I don't like is the cheap keyboard....skips occasionally while typing text.  Otherwise, a nice Dell product with Win 7 installed.

I'm delighted with my new Dell at an affordable price.  It was easy to set up, too.  I recommend this choice.

I found this laptop to be lighter than most in weight but excellent working capacity. Easily installed what I needed for my job. Has alot of memory and storage capacity.

Was looking for a laptop for school and work - something practical, functional, not over priced, and had a decent speed and memory. This was perfect to meet all those qualifications. In terms of size and weight, it wasn't too big or too heavy to carry around either. Overall, it has been working very well.

Wonderful product for the money. It was great to be able to get windows 7 with the unit instead of windows 8!!!!

I gave this 5 stars even though I wasn't actually the recipient - i purchased for someone else.  That person is super happy with it, though.  And she said that Dell Support was extremely accommodating and helpful in getting it set up for her.  So far it's met our expectations.One of the reasons I chose this one for her was because it runs on Windows 7 and I'd read so many bad reviews on Windows 8.  As she has sought assistance from the Help Desk with the school that she is enrolled in, she's been told a number of times that they were happy to see that a new computer still came with it.  They expressed frustration with Windows 8 and said that it has a lot of bugs in it still.  So, we got lucky on this one as not too many offer it with Windows 7 anymore.

I has very happy to be able to find a Windows 7 laptop so long after Windows 8 was introduced. Thank you Amazon. I have not been disappointed with this laptop. It has exceeded my expectations. I have bought a similar model for my daughter (thru Amazon) and have recommended it to friends who are shopping new laptops. Thank you Amazon for saving me the grief of having to buy a Windows 8 computer. My friends will thank you when they get theirs.

My son wanted this laptop to play games on. He did not want Windows 8, so we ordered this one. It is his first laptop and seems to work great for him.

Love it so glad to have it can not wait till I haveeverything on the Dell I never thought I wouldlike a laptop

I bought this for myself and I lkove it and the price was a great deal also and my husband uses it too

Great laptop at a great price--and comes with Windows 7, not that nightmare known as Windows 8. I hope these remain available in the future since I will never buy a laptop with Windows 8.

It would have been just fine had I not ruined it with a coffee spill. It had all the software I  wanted and was a tool I was making a pretty good adjustment to but the spill happened.

This is a great laptop for the money. Does all that I need it to. Great battery life as well.

got this refurbished gateway laptop and have so far been very impressed with the product! looks new and runs great

pleasantly surprised. Advertised as a used item but .the one I received was essentially new. No problem with instructions/set-up, and no mechanical glitches. This supplier looks like a class act' My evaluation may change as I use this machine in event I have problems later on, but for now it looks like a smart buy.

It was exactly what my wife wanted and replaced the same one that was broken She uses it for hours on end and enjoys it being mobile soe she can take it anywhere.

This thing has performed beautifully since I got it (as a gift to my mother-in-law). If you read my seller feedback you'll see that I was skeptical of their claim that this item was being sold as "used" but was "new, in an opened box" (described as a case of buyer's remorse). Turns out that was, as far as I can tell, exactly the condition that this computer was in. And, by the way, based on this one laptop I am raising my opinion of the Acer brand. This was well worth the very reasonable price.

I was a little apprehensive about a refurbished laptop. I didnt know what to expect especially since I couldnt actually see it before buying it. The computer was everything I wanted especially at a reseaonable price. The computer came about three days before expected and it looked brand new. It put a smile on my face. I would certainly recommend this product wnd the seller. Thank you for making my purchase worth the while.

== First things first ==My wife has been looking for a laptop to replace her old Vaio SZ (very nice laptop, still lighter than many and lasted her 5 years!). She was a little picky when it comes to aesthetics and didn't like Macbooks, so it took us a while to find a good looking and solid Windows laptop. So we were looking for a laptop that:- is good looking as in the design not being an afterthought but a part of the whole package- has a quality screen with above average resolution (average as in 1366x768, which comes with even some 15" laptops for heaven's sake!)- is light but well built and durable- has less optical drives and more space for battery instead, so that it can last a while (more than 5 hrs would be good)- has a large and smooth track pad (hopefully with not-so-horrible multi-touch support, as I got used to see in even high-end PC hardware)- has a 180 degree tilt-able screen like her old Vaio SZ (not sure why this is a requirement, but I know better not to ask too much at this point)- has enough power to support daily tasks (she is not a gamer, so an i3-5 with integrated graphics should be fine)- has an SSD (best thing happened to laptops since sliced bread with some PB & J: well worth real-world-not-just-benchmark performance gains and more portability)So we finally settled with Yoga. And lo and behold, Yoga ticks all of the boxes above, only coming slightly behind modern Vaio Z in looks (Yoga's processor is good enough, thank you very much), but hey, this is a Lenovo quality Ultrabook slash Tablet that is built for Windows 8 not just compatible, has a *touch screen* and we have $600 left we can use on something else.We bought ours from BestBuy for ~$1000 the week it came out (wasn't on Amazon yet). Ours is the gray version with i5 processor and a 128G SSD. Along with 3 years in-home repair + accidental damage protection for just $220 that I bought from Lenovo directly. Man, that is not even close to what I would have paid for a similar warranty coverage with Dell or HP or most anyone else as far as I know.Now, on to the more specific points:== Pros ==- Very good display!It has an IPS panel (go look it up if you don't know how good that is) with a sharp looking 1600x900 resolution (good enough for a 13") with *very* goodviewing angles (can't get colors to wash up no matter where I look at it). Don't let the resolution frenzy trick you; this is a laptop, not a smartphone, and while Windows 8 apps (Metro apps) are resolution agnostic, regular Windows desktop doesn't play well with high DPI screens unless you like looking at tiny icons all day long (in short hi-res with regular Windows is good when you have a 27" monitor, not so much when you have a 13" laptop)- Touch screen is a lot better than expectedThere was never a moment when the screen missed a touch or couldn't handle multi-finger gestures. It even has these nice little dots or trails that show up where you touch or drag, so you know if it is the screen that is unresponsive or the app (it happens, not all applications respond to touch well, especially gestures). Touch scrolling is even smoother than touchpad scrolling, which is why my wife prefers to move things around by touch instead of using touchpad/keyboard combo.- Nice and sturdy double-hinge designWhen I first saw the Yoga I though "That's a very elegant way to break your screen" but boy was I wrong. Right now the hinges are proving to be stiff enough to hold the screen in any position without being uncomfortable or giving out. Time will tell but right now it seems like job well done, especially compared to the old convertible PC-tablet hinge designs with a swiveling single hinge base.- Solid and thin&light; at the same time, just like what an ultrabook supposed to beSo this thing weighs 3.4 lbs and is very thin. Not sure if there is much else to say about this. Just know that it doesn't bend or squeak when you grab it from its corner and hold it in the air (can't say that about many)- An ultrabook with user replaceable parts? Dream come true!Yep, you can replace the memory, SSD or the battery, unlike Macbook Air or 13 Retina (regular MBP 13 is not fair comparison). Oh I almost forgot: Did you know that there is an empty SATA slot that you can use to put in a second SSD? Blew my mind when I learned about it.- Smooth and sensitive large touch-pad, nice keyboard; overall good ergonomicsTouch pad is nice. It is sensitive and has a smooth surface with built-in buttons (anywhere is clickable, but there are still buttons integrated on the bottom). It supports quite a few multi-touch gestures along with Win8 specials like slide-in gestures. It is missing a few gestures (more on that later) but one it support are nicely done. First time I can comfortably use two finger scrolling, pinching etc.Keyboard is good. It could be better, a little firmer keys could have been used but, again, this is a subjective observation and it is better than most. The only thing my wife doesn't like is the layout of some of the keys: placement of the home/end, small right-shift key etc. We'll see if we can get used to that.- Windows 8 is great (though not flawless yet)With all the fuss about Windows 8, let me tell you this: It won't bother you, really. If you like Windows 7, Windows 8 is even better in terms of under the hood performance (faster boot, smoother throughout) along with visible improvements (e.g. the new task manager, file copy system, better multi-monitor support) with only a mostly-aesthetic change that is the new Metro start screen, which you can ignore for most of the time if you *really* hate it (search for Start8 program if you would like to use Windows 8 like a better Windows 7 including the good old start menu). That said, you might even like the new Metro interface since it is *really* a joy to use with a good touch screen (which this one has). How good? We got into a fight over whose turn it is to play the Wordament game last night. Yup, it's good for your love life too!== Cons ==- Trackpad is missing some gestures thanks to LenovoThis is interesting since original Synaptic drivers would allow you to do so much more (three finger flicks, four finger touches, smoother scrolling) but that won't support the tablet mode as well (I tried and had issues when in tablet mode, not being able to use on-screen keyboard etc.) Not a deal breaker but it would be nice if Lenovo supported a little more (especially three finger flicks would be nice).- Windows 8 is not *fully* there yetFirst of all, let me say this is kind of expected and not really MS' fault. Windows is undergoing a huge (and brave) paradigm shift and these things are kind of normal in transitions like these. Also, this is purely subjective; you may not feel the same. Now: The new interface is clean and nice; Everything is smooth and well suitable for touch (mostly Metro parts). However, it just seems/feels like some things could have been done better. Can't put my finger on it though; it's just a feeling I get. Sometimes the integration feels incomplete. Especially when you are dealing with relatively advanced things like picking which updates from MS to download (this involves both Metro settings screen and the classic Control Panel for some reason). Again, nothing serious but something to mention.Also, there are a lot of Metro apps in the store but it is still in its infancy. It will get better but right now (as of Nov '12) it is lacking, and the apps they have on store are mostly beta-ish quality. Android Market in 2008 anyone? Lets say Windows 8 has a lot more incentive for developers since it is going to be on millions of devices very soon.== Meeh ==- It can be a tablet but it is not an actual tablet (iPad/Android) replacementDon't expect to throw away your tablet the minute you get this. It is a little heavy and large to be a tablet. However, it is wonderful for those times you need a screen on your table/counter but you can't bother to use touchpad/keyboard. My wife uses it to read and search for recipes; she can browse through easily just by touch (even in normal Windows apps, not just Metro) and I love this setup when I browse through reddit while eating (via ReddHub app or browser). Oh by the way: Internet Explorer 10 for Metro is great. Not much to complain there. I believe Yoga would best complimented with a 7" tablet for other times.- Battery life is very good but may not be the bestI haven't actually measured it but it doesn't seem to last as long as, say, Macbook Air. It is still good enough for our purposes (which would be anything more than 5 hrs). Though, this is when we are doing a lot of surfing, watching couple of shows on Netflix, some coding etc. It is not bad in any way but if you are looking for something that will last you the whole 7 hr flight while enjoying movies all the way, you might want to look elsewhere.- It doesn't get hot, at all, but fan is on constantly, though not so noticeable or distractiveNot much else to say. It's just that the fan is on most of the time and it is noticeable if you are in a *very* quiet room but even than it is not really bothering us. I just wanted to point it out. On the other hand, it never got hot on us yet, so the cooling performance is good for normal usage (may not be so for gamers, not sure)== Wrap Up ==All in all this is a *very* good ultrabook, a capable laptop and a nice tablet alternative depending on what you use one for. It has a great screen with good colors, good resolution and nicely done touch capability. The keyboard is good the touchpad is better than most PCs (not on par with Macbook's, still) and it is overall very comfortable to use.I would suggest this laptop if you are in the market for a good and capable Windows 8 machine that doesn't need to play latest Crysis in good settings and won't damage your wallet. It seems like Lenovo really does know how to make nice laptops :)(P.S. I'll try to update the review if something comes up or if I have things to add, though don't hesitate to comment and ask questions, I'll try my best)

**NOTE: I purchased this in person at a large B&M; retailer, (rhymes with Rest Guy) as it was not for sale on Amazon at the time and have also posted my review on their site.**Most reviewers have touched on the great parts of the Yoga 13 but I will reiterate some of them:- Fantastic 1600x900 IPS display. While it is glossy, it works great at ANY angle which is a must for a multi-use device as this one is trying to be.- Hinge is of extremely good quality, as is the rest of the device. It just feels like a premium product.- Keyboard is nicely spaced and offers a very satisfying level of tactile feedback, but FYI, the backspace key, while large, is not full size.- Battery life has been about 7-8 hours for me doing light web browsing. You can get at least 5.5 if you are streaming a lot, and I watched two full length movies on Amazon on one charge.- External controls allow you to power on/off, control volume, and lock screen orientation without having to access the keyboard side of the device, which is very helpful in tablet mode. The power button is slightly recessed, but once you are familiar with where it is, this is not a problem.- The wireless antenna seems to maintain very good signal within my entire 2,000 square foot home, something my previous laptop, (a Sony Vaio TZ) did not do, and it maintains better speeds than my wife's Acer as well.- I have to again echo everyone else's comments on the great versatility of the Yoga. It is perfect for any situation and you will find yourself using it in ways you can only imagine around the house and at the office. It is absolutely great for propping up in bed on my stomach/chest with the keyboard as the base and just using the touchscreen. I used to have my iPad for bed surfing before I went to sleep, but the Yoga is so much better as you don't have to hold it, and the screen is bigger making it better for watching movies in bed.The ONE "not so good" thing I have to say about the Yoga is the trackpad is finnicky. It is a single slab with two clicky spots on the bottom representing left and right buttons on a mouse. Unfortunately, these locations on the trackpad are also used for touch, so if you are trying to click text or a box on the screen, you have to be VERY quick and precise otherwise it does not register as a click and will rather just move the cursor a slight bit. This can become infuriating after the third or fourth attempted click, and I find myself giving up and just using the touchscreen as it is far more accurate. Hopefully this will be fixed with a driver update in the future. I just don't know why almost all companies have decided to go away from dedicated mouse buttons. *Sigh*All of those things covered, I did not buy this intending to do ANY gaming on it. I want to include some details on how it is for gaming as I feel like there may be others out there that may be deciding between this and a less portable, but more powerful device.The Yoga is essentially an ultrabook and I have not read anywhere that anyone has attempted to do any gaming on it, but I have a Steam account and do some gaming on my custom built desktop gaming PC. On a whim, I downloaded Steam to the Yoga and a few games to see if they would run at all, and if so, how they would look/play. I am actually SHOCKED at how playable, and actually, how GOOD they look on the Yoga's 1600x900 display.Let's be clear here, though, this is not a gaming powerhouse. But I can play Amnesia: The Dark Descent in native resolution with all settings on at least medium, with some on high. I loaded up Dear Esther and it too plays at native 1600x900 resolution on medium/high settings maintaining around 35-50 fps. The SSD helps out I am sure, and even pushing it to the max, the Yoga doesn't get uncomfortably hot. The left side of the keyboard does get pretty warm if you are going to be using the built in keyboard for WASD controls. I have been plugging in my Xbox 360 controller and using that, but did play about 3 hours of Amnesia using the keyboard and a wireless mouse and it worked great.I am sure extremely new games will have to be played on lower settings, but rest assured, if you just want to do some light gaming on the go, the Yoga will satisfy your needs. I get about 3 hours of battery life when gaming, which is generally very good on any gaming laptop, let alone one that is not meant for gaming at all.A side note FYI - the only vent opening is on the back end of the device, basically by the hinge and the speakers are under the keyboard, (and actually sound very good and get very loud). I mention the vents because it is nice that the heat is not dissipated from underneath the device, but if you fold the display so that the keyboard is facing down as a base, the vent will be facing toward you and the speakers will not be as loud.Overall I could not be any happier. I would have given it 5 stars WITHOUT knowing it can do some decent gaming, but since it can it is everything I could ever ask for in a device.I also purchased the official Lenovo sleeve which basically protects the computer while carrying it around. It is not meant to protect it from drops, but does a good job of protecting it if you put it in a bag or carry it with another device/book/note pad. The price is a little steep, but I must say it is worth it. You can also buy other, more traditional ultrabook cases that should also work just fine.Bottom line here is that the Yoga is successfully a tablet AND a laptop. I used to surf on my iPad, and then if there was anything I needed to do special, like go to a flash based site, fill out forms, or input any long lines of text, I would have to put down the iPad and go get my laptop, power it on, navigate to the site I needed to be at, and start all over. Now, with the Yoga, I simply fold the keyboard back out and put it in laptop mode. It truly is the best of both worlds. Highly, highly recommended!

Let me first say I am a computer consultant and I have all the toys, Asus Zenbook (bye bye Zenbook), Ipad, Iphone, and Nexus 7.  When the new windows 8 came out I wanted a convertible so I could have the best of both worlds, a tablet in bed that didn't limit me to playing games and surfing the web.  Enter the Yoga.I LOVE THIS MACHINE.I am absolutely blown away by the boot and shut down times, about 6 secs and 1 sec, yes about 1 sec for it to shut off. Switching users, waking from sleep, all those tasks are so fast it is incredible.  I have the zenbook with an SSD running Win 7 and it is pretty fast too, but nothing like windows 8. WOWI have to say I couldn't give this machine to 99% of my customers without doing some updating, tweaking and a hands on windows 8 lesson.  It isn't for the faint of heart.  I think they call us early adopters which is just a nice way of saying people who have to have the lastest gadgets and toys even though they know they should wait until the bugs get worked out.Most who read this will know of the issues people are having, if not just visit the Lenovo Yoga forums.I have had no Wifi problems, My track pad really sucked but it is good now, not sure how this one got fixed.  I had a little screen flicker but it turned out to be a setting in the Intel Graphics software. I had the on screen key board problem that it popped up for 1 sec but before I could type it was gone, the first windows update I did fixed this. The screen rotating is buggy, sometiimes it works fine and other times not so much.  Hard to say for sure if this is a Lenovo or Windows thing but I am sure it will improve.Windows 8 has its own strengths and weaknesses, it takes time to figure things out but being a computer guy I like exploring, the Ipad was fun for about a week then after that it is just boring.I won't rant too much about apple here except to say I will never buy another product from them again.  I had to have the Ipad when it first came out and I loved it...  2 years later they have pushed out updates that have made my Ipad 1 almost useless, it crashes all the time and is terribly slow.  I thought no big deal I will just restore it to the day I bought it for 850.00.  NOT, you cant restore it back, apple updates you and erases your previous software.  So I thought I would just go get it from the net.  NOT... each operating system is specific to each machine, so they intentionally pushed out software that they knew would cripple my ipad and also knew there was no way for me to fix it.  Nice business model.  Same applies for the Iphone 3 and 3GS, all useless if you upgrade to IOS5.But I digress, the YOGA has made my Ipad expendable.Now I wouldn't recommend the YOGA as your only machine, I use my laptop for Travel, a little on site trouble shooting and mostly to read, watch tv, surf, etc in bed at night and this machine is exceptional for that.  If you cant find a comfortable position with this machine in bed you will never find a comfortable position.  I LOVE IT.I wish I had the will power to hold off and get the Orange one but I couldn't wait.So in closing, it is a little buggy, the build is wonderful, the form factor is the most useful I have ever seen and there is NO WAY I would give up this machine.One last thing, I bought the Lenovo sleeve for the Yoga thinking it would be a nice case and it is designed so you can slip it over the keypad when you are in tablet mode.  First, the keys don't bother me at all, in bed it is a non issue.  The sleeve doesn't contain the whole machine, about 1 - 1.5 inches stick out from the end.  It is very thin offering almost no protection to my baby.  It went back immediately and I bought a very nice protective sleeve from Puma for the same price.Hope this helps some people out there, I know I appreciate all the other users taking the time to write reviews.  I never write reviews but I had to tell people how much I LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!!!!

I purchased the yoga after being fed up with my dell, Asus, and other laptops.  This computer is amazing. I am typing this review on the screen keyboard while using it in tablet mode and I am not typing any slower than I would with the regular keyboard,  I could never do this on the ipad.  This is a bit bigger and heavier than the iPad however it is also much more functional for work tasks and fast too.  I have not yet found a con other than the lack of a zagg screen cover available yet.If you are at all interested in a fast computer with a very user friendly interface and portability then this is your best option.  After spending hours online and in best buy I did not find anything that even comes close.

First let me say a couple of things about me.  I like Windows 8, change does not freak me out, Apple and Google do not make products I can use, and I have tried them all.Ok, now about the Yoga.  Excellent build quality, thin and light for what it is.  Someone said it's heavy for a tablet, well it's not a tablet, it's an Ultrabook laptop. The screen is bright and the resolution 1600X900 outstanding for a 13.3".  Solid metal top and bottom.  Good selection of USB and other ports.  The 128 SSD is sufficient for my needs.  Between Skydrive and the SD slot space is not a problem.Took it with on the plane cross country and everyone who went by asked about it. For the first time you have a real choice.  Andriod and iOS are really not much different and are both phones os's.  I think this is the best of all the new options.

I bought my Yoga two weeks ago.  I travel quite a bit with my job and have really enjoyed the light weight and great battery life.  I attended a conference last week and it was nice to not have to worry about finding an outlet during an entire day.  My other notebook is a Dell Latitude and I'm lucky to get an hour and a half of battery life out of it.I've also had a chance to do a couple of client presentations with the Yoga and received lots of compliments about it.  The only problem I experienced was forgetting my HDMI to VGA adapter for the first presentation - won't do that again.From a performance standpoint, I couldn't be happier.  I really like the instant on/off.  Restarts are amazingly quick - of course, I'm comparing it to my Dell box running Win XP.  As other reviewers have noted, the small hard drive is a bit disappointing, but I doubt I will be personally exceed the available space as I will be primarily using it for business travel.Regarding Win8, I quickly figured out the dual interfaces and although I agree it might confuse some people, I haven't had any trouble adjusting.  My six year old son loves playing games and drawing on the touch screen.  I've had to pry the Yoga out of his hands multiple times, only to find the screen smeared with the residue of whatever snack he was eating.  The good news is that the screen is pretty easy to clean.In summary, I am enjoying my Yoga and am very happy with the purchase.

I bought my lenovo a couple of months ago right when it came out. I have to say, this is a genius design for a laptop-tablet hybrid. The strength of the yoga lies in that it isn't really a hybrid. A hybrid entails a device that is part one design and part the other. The microsoft surface/surface pro is a good example of this. The lenovo yoga isn't a hybrid of a tablet and a laptop, it is an extension of the laptop into the world of tablets. I say this because there are absolutely no design drawbacks that come from the addition of its tablet features. Fundamentally, the yoga is a superb ultrabook whether or not you factor in its tablet features or not.Features that make it a good ultrabook-good keyboard. Not as nice as a lenovo's thinkpad but then again I don't see how you possibly could fit one of those keyboards in this thing. Also, it would be nice if it was an illuminated keyboard.-thin and light. This is a pretty small laptop! Maybe not as small as the thinnest ones out there like the acer s7 but its fine for me.-full size track pad. Some people have complained about issues with the trackpad. I haven't had any. It is a big and accurate trackpad.-screen. The resolution could be higher, but the yoga's IPS screen is bright and very nice to look at. It really stands out compared to most laptop screens-hinges. They are stiff and tough!-ports. The power port is built to take a whack and not break. All the other ports are nice as well. My yoga went flying in the car and fell on the headphone jack pretty hard. The headphone cord bent but the jack is fine!-speakers. These are pretty good speakers. Not the best, but they have good range and volume. Definitely not afterthought speakers you find on so many windows laptops.Consider that all these features go into a competitively priced ultrabook that can fold into a tablet!Now as a tablet the yoga has some issues. First, it is heavy for a tablet (not for a laptop). You are probably going to have to be sitting down to use it like a traditional tablet. However, when I am on the move I am going to use my cell phone anyways. Some might consider the screen dimensions awkward for a tablet, but when held in portrait mode (the long side of the screen vertical) this thing makes a KILLER pdf reader. Seriously, I am a science major and I usually hate reading scientific papers on a computer but I really don't mind it on the yoga.Overall I think this is an amazing laptop-tablet hybrid. I can't see myself buying a normal clamshell laptop again. Why would I? The yoga has all the features of an ultrabook and more. I do have two gripes. The keyboard should be illuminated and the webcam could be better. Those only detract slightly from the overall package however. I strongly, STRONGLY recommend this laptop!

I've been looking for a new laptop to replace my 6 year old IBM/Lenovo T60p which has a very nice wide viewing angle "IPS" display with good color. Most laptops have horrible displays which change colors as you push the screen forward and back.The Yoga is a "convertible" and can switch between a standard laptop, two "stand" modes, and tablet mode. It has a gorgeous, bright, IPS display. My main dislike is the aspect ratio, which is 16:9 instead of 16:10. Only Mac laptops have a 16:10 aspect ratio, which is unfortunate because they aren't available with touch screens and have issues running Windows in Bootcamp.For tablet use, the Yoga is large. It can be used on your lap as a tablet, but it's unwieldy to hold it up for long. The 16:9 aspect ratio means that it's awfully long and thin in portrait mode. It works best in the "stand" modes (especially for movie viewing) and laptop mode.The Yoga's boot time is ridiculous. It's the fastest device I own, booting in 10 seconds or less. From standby, wait time is 1-2 seconds.On the Yoga I spend more time using the traditional desktop mode than the metro interface, but that may change with time as more apps become available. Netflix in the metro interface is great. Desktop mode is quite usable with the touchscreen and trackpad; I often reach to the screen to move a window or scroll a web page. Touch is definitely a winner with Windows 8.With respect to my T60p, the Yoga is about twice as fast and has much more memory capacity. The T60p has a gorgeous 15", 4:3 IPS display but it's a bit dim in it's old age. Overall the Yoga is more responsive, much lighter, thinner, brighter, faster, better battery life (5-6 hours) - an improvement in most ways except screen size and aspect ratio.Unlike iPad and Android tablets, the Yoga isn't really designed to be "always on / always connected", at least I haven't tried that and I have it set to go into standby when the lid is closed. The Yoga and other PC convertibles are laptops first. I can't speak to the Windows 8 tablets that have keyboard docks, such as the interesting-looking Samsung Ativ series, as I haven't tried them.The 128gb SSD storage isn't large enough for me, however there is an open mSATA slot where you can add another SSD.  You can add more memory up to 8GB.  Also Lenovo has recently released a "patch" that increases the amount of free space on the SSD significantly. You don't even have to reboot :-)Although Windows 8 has received a lot of bad press, I believe that it will revitalize the PC industry to some extent, and provide many options for people like me that are looking for a device that is more powerful than a tablet while still being portable and touch-friendly.  Soon many laptops will have touch screens, and the quality of the screens will improve because convertibles like the Yoga that function in tablet mode can't afford to shift colors when you move them around.Check out the Yoga, and it's little brother the Lenovo Twist, both of which are great laptops first, and tablets second. The "stand" modes are great too. Dell makes a 12.5 inch convertible with a rotating screen. There are also many laptops coming available that don't convert to a tablet mode but have gorgeous IPS touch screen displays, such as the 15.6" HP Spectre XT Touchscreen. I've ordered one of these as the Yoga's screen at 13.3" isn't quite large enough for me, so I may return the Yoga.Products like the Microsoft Surface are interesting, but it's too much a tablet and not enough a laptop for me.  I have a Nexus 7 tablet and just don't use it that much.  For me, a Windows laptop with tablety features like the Yoga makes the most sense, complemented by a smartphone.

